Hailaga Thelisiath


Goliath I

	There are no words to describe what ravaged the universe before He. Oh how we were created, yet fell to such force. There is not scripture that can depict this past, nor what came after— we can only abridge what is left of the traces, yet it is there— it lingers…
A story concealed by the curtains of time, before the towers razed— told by the dancing golden rays littering our skies. Evil was ridden— shan’t be rekindled.
And so a tale told among all, for thee— whom I extend this holy hand to.





	Winds howled, flakes of snow zipped across the sky. Hail pummeled the Earth. The trees shook, and the leaves took flight. There was a flame, one of hope, ambition, and determination— burning… somewhere.
	Suddenly, a comet appeared, breaking through the leaden clouds, streaking across the sky. Except that it wasn’t a comet but a man, nearly lifeless, tumbling down— lost, broken, but not yet defeated. The village below stared in awe, as He plummeted downwards, falling and falling. Soon, He found contact with the roof of a house. He crashed into a red tarp and sunk into the wooden infrastructure, lying still as ever.
	The villagers gathered around him, confused, surprised, and confounded. It was as if an angel was suddenly bequeathed upon them— a blessing.
	They carried him to a house through the blizzard and laid him on a woolly mattress. He was still breathing, his chest going up and down. Knowing that He was okay, the villagers ran back to their abodes, as the storm attacked, onslaught after onslaught, harder and harder. Battered by nature’s force, the village held. The mellow embers flew, the flames kindled, and there lay He, dead asleep, snoozing till the end of time. All was tranquil, not a trace of the storm breached the walls of his hut.
	He slept, all year, into the next, and the next. He had never woken up since the day He fell. Nobody disturbed his slumber, and He lay on his bed, motionless.
Then one day, a few kids approached the house. Eventually finding a clearing, they started to play ball, throwing it at each other, giggling, laughing, and running around. Suddenly, the ball slipped, slamming into the hut— rocking one of its windows. The kids thought nothing of it, continuing their small game of catch.

	The man jolted up, suddenly breaking a cold sweat. He knew the evil He sought to eliminate still lingered. He could smell it, yet He could not ascertain where it resided. He got up, looking at what was left of his power. His body was reduced to an almost mortal frame, flabby and weak. He looked around, then focused his vision.
	There lit a fire, still burning brightly, and a beautiful dawn broke upon him, as He looked through the window at the spectacle, hardly in awe, yet as the valley winds blew, He stared yonder with yards of thousands, where greatness may lie, and where He may bring himself to.
A ball of fire looked back at him, barely peeking past the rocky ridges and dreary peaks. The sun barely soared above the mountainous peaks. Who am I? He asked himself.
The blood-red sun now took flight to the sky, blaring saturated colour to the watersheds and marshes. The landscape illuminated into a spectacular, fiery orange. The trees spoke sonnets, the robins sang ballads, and the crickets danced to the morning mist.
Staring at the breathtaking landscape with solemnity, He paused. His memories came flooding back to him. He knew what He must do. He now knew his purpose. I am The Goliath, and I shall unify the Aruthur’s Paddle and fell all of what is left of evil.
 	He looked at the kids outside, a forbidding glare formed on his face, and He opened the door.

***

	“The Goliath hath awoken,” a hooded man smiled, “in the midst of Spring.” He looked up at the sky, silently praying.
He turned to his accomplice, “What must be done must be done.” Putting both hands together, he interlaced them, then shoved them up the other’s arse. “Thou art still a subject to Zestfest.”

***

	The two kids ran back, busting into the homes and broke out in hysteria. “The man woke up!”
	The people of the village showed palpable discomfort. The man was in a slumber for seven years; everyone hardly acknowledged him anymore.
	A young adventurer stepped forth. Asserting himself amidst the crowd, he instilled reason in the chaos. “This man fell from the sky, above the clouds and the stars, he fell— and he survived. What affliction this man hath bore is beyond what we can fathom, and we shame He when he gave us no suffering nor penury. We needeth not to thank him, but at a very least let our souls be greater than sediment.”
	The crowd nodded in affirmation. Looking at the young man, they cheered, showing their support.

	The young man looked forth at the crowd with steely eyes. Looking towards the hut and the figure that emerged from it, he knew that he must meet this man— for he possesses knowledge unlike any other. Alexander wept for he could not conquer the moon, but he— Daniel— will not.

Daniel I

	He is who could not be stopped and may not be stopped; he is Daniel, whom power will be crowned to and who shall rid the idiocracy in which he exists. He shall reign all knowledge one day, and that time may come nearer than a Quebecois pigeon. He practiced his arts in the mountains, where he trained for years, every morning, before the sun came yonder and before the moon slid past the Earth’s shadow. He feared not of danger nor risk, but the prospect of a refined slipper to the arse, and yet when his only weakness is so obscure, that slipper haunts him to the day. He trains in the rain and snow, when hail falls and when the world ends, for he may not see another illuminated sky the next day if he should not.
That fateful day, when he stepped out into the chilling void of night, he spotted a bright figure streaking across the sky in a glowing, holy light. It was as if the sun came upon the Earth, relighting the sky, fragmenting brilliant golden rays across the landscape. Coming towards the village, he ran towards it, calling the people out to the spectacle of the midnight magic. The light came closer, faltered, then extinguished, followed by a crack atop the roof of a wooden hut.
“Sacre bleu, zat was my hous!” one called out in anger, possibly aching at the prospect of a hefty repair bill.
Daniel looked at him and said, “Then thou shalt help me see to it.” Daniel, the other guy, and a small group of young volunteers approached the impact site, with the rest in tow. They examined the area before proceeding into the house, cautiously watching their steps. Soon, they found the man in a crater in the attic; the shingled roof in shambles.
“À mon dieu, zis is sacrilège, ze insûrance bettèr covèr zis!” The guy was growing more and more agitated.
“Oh thou art so unkindly, dost thou not see a broken man on the ground? Pick him up, we shall bring him to a vacant shack to rest,” after convincing the crowd to calm down and reprimanding the guy, Daniel commanded the crowd to disperse.
The group brought the strange man to a small hut, partitioned from the rest of the village by an overgrown, grassy clearing. It resided atop a hill, bordering the forest, with a view of the village and the houses which strung through the luscious valley littered with tall conifers.
The onslaught of the snow attacked them viciously, and little fragments of hail peppered their faces. The winds grew stronger and stronger, but the volunteers pushed on— they did not know why, but they knew this man was worth saving more than anything they’d ever owned.
The whole ordeal took them several hours, trudging along the snowbanks. They were approaching the hut step by step, inch by inch, and when they laid the man on a firm mattress and fitted the man beneath a woolly quilt, the storm was out of sight, and the sun had already broken through the dense summits that enveloped their small village.
The group sat on the grassy clearing, looking at the village from above. The sun was bright red now, yet the dawn luminated in a marmalade orange. Watching the sunrise, they rejoiced— all except for the house owner, who was still pouting under a nearby tree.
“Zis man bettèr make zis worthe it!” The guy exclaimed.

“Xavié, I want to hear no more of thine ramblings. Thou art doing ably. A few shingles in thine house are surely not a problem.”

The man stifled a sniff, stood up, and joined the rest as they watched the sun emerge from the rocky silhouette.
Daniel smirked. Xavié was always so immersed in his own world.

After their adrenaline wore off, they went on to catch up on some sleep, all exhausted.

***

	Seven years later, Daniel was scribbling furiously on a piece of papyrus. Flicking the feather with graceful strokes, he reminisced.
Just a year ago, he invented calculus on the back of a milk carton, which won him a full scholarship to Proktos University to study the algorithmic patterns of psychology. Before long, he theorized the creation of a sentient mind with inanimate components.
In his room, he racked his mind for a glimpse of the answer, seeking to create cognition by instantiating pattern after pattern, analyzing the consistencies and tendencies of the human mind.
“A letter for thee, guv,” a room attendant stood at the door. Daniel got up and took the letter. He opened it and started reading:

The man that thou hast rescued hath awoken! He terrified a few children, but it was all in good heart. The Goliath— that’s his name— if thou must address him. Anywho— Thou must come back! T’is of such urgency!

Regards,
Xavié

Daniel closed the letter and looked forth yonder, through the windows and into the foreign lands. Deciduous trees lined the fine path caging the urban infrastructure. It was the embodiment of tranquillity to a tee.
“I must not distract myself from math to such an extent. I have already pursued this power of knowledge, and I shan’t stop here. The man is irrelevant, I boast much more than miracles.”

And it was true. His achievements stacked atop one another, and if he were to let the winds blow and the wild snatch its core, it would all topple down— concave into an autonomous collapse. He wrote:

I thank thee, Xavié, it is much relief to hear thee speak, but I am afraid there is too much to lose. I must continue my studies and rise to greatness— that is my purpose. I hope I have gotten to thee.

Regards,
Daniel



Xavié I

	A simple life this man lived, yet he was quite well-off. He inherited fortunes, and rarely cut to his savings, making croissants in his humble bakery. He had a wagon to transport all of his croissants, and his pastries were popular among the people of the village.
	One day, when the snow ravaged the village, he heard warning cries coming from outside. Stepping out, he saw the man, tumbling down. As he joined the crowd to watch, the figure became ever and ever closer. Not understanding the notion of gravity and trajectory, he was oblivious to what was to come. The man plunged into the run-off tarp of his house and embedded himself into the roof, making a loud crack.
	It only took Xavié a moment to realize that it was his house. Sacre bleu. Xavié cursed to himself.
	He helped the group carry the unconscious man through the snow, though he was still grumbling about his dented roof.
	Daniel chastised him for a while, but Xavié was still quite fixated on his new roof decor. After resting the man on a proper mattress, he and the rest sat atop a hill, looking at the dawn. He was content, and although he had a damaged roof, he hoped that life would be good and that everything would stay the way they are.
	He looked over his shoulder and at Daniel, who was comprehensively lost in thought. Xavié  smiled, thinking to himself, he’s always trying to take the next step, isn’t he?

***

	Seven years later, Xavié was doing his third year of secondary education steadily. It was gradual progress, but he will make it soon, quite very soon. He’d ridden the French accent too!
	A few months ago, Daniel boasted about how he invented Calculus. Skipping two years of secondary education, he went on to post-grad at a prestigious local university. However, Daniel stressed to him that life at Proktos University was simply not enough, aspiring to transfer to the top school of Mainland Asritzche, the nation where he sought his knowledge: The Behemothan Empire.

	Xavié was reluctant to let his friend go there, where the conditions are harsh and where sin reeks, yet no matter the quantity of admonishment he gave Daniel, Daniel was adamant. He must attain greater power.
	And so a year later, that was where Daniel landed. Xavié looked to Daniel with worry, but there was nothing he could have done.
	In times like these, Xavié spoke his woes:

	“Thou hast forsaken brotherhood,
	  For the golden reigns of wisdom.
	  Like Behemothan squires,
	  Thou fell to temptation,
	  And thine reigns were surrendered.”

	Xavié looked to the heavens, but an answer did not come. A kid suddenly tumbled into his house, yelling hysterically, “He woke up! The man woke up!”
Goliath II

	Soon, The Goliath fit in with the rest of the village, and his house was now regularly maintained. He looked after the children and helped with the crops. From time to time, He would use his house as a workshop, creating new inventions for others to see. He would create stuffed animals for the children and sell magical paddles to the farmers that could turn into any tool. The farmers had seen nothing of the kind. The tools were enchanted, able to morph into anything of their liking. Upon being questioned about his craft, the Goliath just shook his head and chuckled.
“I doth not know my craft, it is just that I willed change, and change it did,” and without further questions, the farmers all rejoiced in their newly upgraded sickles and hammers.

	They were the peaceful days, each and every one of them The Goliath cherished, and at the end of each, He sat atop a ridge on the west of the village to watch the sunset, as He ate a holeless jelly donut.

	Hailaga.

	The Goliath cared for the citizens, and that one awkward Frenchman was also quite content with the new improvements The Goliath brought. What was a tragedy to his house brought an age of peace and prosperity.
	Day after day, He worked on his craft and lived a stressless life, doing math on a lectern, reading, and crafting paddles… He didn’t really know how He made the multi-tool paddle, as He still didn’t remember much, but it was a tranquil life. He recalled his goal of ridding the world of evil, and He felt like He had accomplished it.
	One day, He went outside to restock his magic tools. Entering the town, He went down to the market street, where He assumed his position at the stand. Kids came and passed as He gave out teddy bears and softwood toys. They were usually free, but occasionally The Goliath gave a complimentary sheet of math homework along with it as payment. The kids would then have to drop the homework into the dropbox beside his house, which He graded and gave back the next day at his stand.
	He studied the map of the lands every day. Soon, He figured out most of the mapped positions labelled in the scroll.

The village was on an isolated island Northeast of mainland Asritzche, named Dodseye Village for having a fine lining of mountainous regions located on Nebwahde Island— a dod of land shaped like an eye. Just North of the village past the mountain peaks resides a fairly large settlement of more Nebwahdiers that resides in a sizable fortress— Liatheyll Hold.
Smaller settlements were allocated throughout the North to the Northeastern region of Nebwahde Island. The Southeast corner of Nebwahde Island is a Behemothan encampment, known as the Wynnburg Checkpoint, a blockaded constriction between the bridge that connects the island to Mainland Asritzche. Behemothan settlements are scattered among the Southern coast behind a great wall— The High Walls of Wynnguard, sealing off the region's entirety— The Wynnguard Region. A waterbody denominated the “Nugundier Gulf '' flowed through the settlements and cut into the mountains, reaching Dodseye, acting as a trade route for the Dodseyons. Further Southeast is the Wynnleid Canal, which is bridged by the Nouveau Behemoth Viaduct.
However, the geography of the Mainland was obscured, enshrouded by an unknown blurred silhouette. When The Goliath asked around, nobody knew, it was just how it was for centuries.
Without much care, He continued to live his humble and peaceful life. He and Xavié became good companions, and sometimes even business partners; The Goliath often took slotting fees to sell Xavié’s croissants in greater numbers due to The Goliath’s popularity, while The Goliath received retail commissions as well. With such a healthy bilateral contract, the two soon became good buds.

“Thou shouldst train Daniel in thine craft! Surely he shalt become a better man with the skills of thine!” Xavié chirped in excitement.
“Many have mentioned to me about this Daniel, yet I have yet to see him. What is there yonder off to the Behemothan Empire is there to obtain?’ The Goliath questioned Xavié skeptically.
“He pursues knowledge, of course! There is so much power in knowledge!” Xavé replied.
“And therein lies the problem, my pupil. He pursues knowledge to reign, to rule over another. There is no glory in a notion of iniquity and hierarchy. What he sees in his goal is to climb the hierarchical ladder of dictatorship. Nobody wins there, only vessels for failure and a tyrannous societal network,” The Goliath looked to Xavié with a sorrowful expression. “If he one day chooses to come back, I may redress this wrong.”
Xavié looked at The Goliath in horror, not because of He, but because of his friend’s forecasted life of corruption and dictatorial rule.
The Goliath spoke again, “I am sure thine friend is all in good heart, Xavié, but his aspiration is misaligned. He hath been misled.”
Xavié did not answer, but he simply sighed— as if he gave Daniel a silent, “I told you”.
The Goliath piped up again, “Hey, at least I got admitted to a teaching position, maybe this Daniel wouldn’t have to go through that much suffering down there. Xavié stifled a laugh, and they laid back to enjoy themselves.
Amidst the worrisome air, the sun began to set behind the curtain of rockscape, and the summer retained a little more cool.
Comets streaked across the sky in beautiful, vibrant colours. In the dead of night, the two lit two lanterns and began their way back to the village. It was the ninth year since The Goliath fell from the sky. He had lived one and a half years in the village now. Life could have been like that forever, stagnant in the face of time…

***

	It was Fall now. Autumn leaves drifted with the wind, and rain in globules trickled onto the leaves. The entire valley was saturated by the leaves of Fall, blanketing the plains and valleys in a fluorescent orange.
	A small breeze frolicked through the damp marshes, whistling by people’s ears as it went. In the light of day, Goliath stood behind his stand. He rarely got customers in these seasons. Everyone stayed in as the days became ever more chilly.

***

	One day, while hiking in the light of the waning crescent, He found a few shattered glowing pieces of rock fragments. After a while, another landed nearby, and then He realized that the stars were dropping fragments of their bodies. He looked up and saw a beautiful spectacle raining down on him. The stars were falling, one by one, like comets, but they plummeted downwards like raindrops, slowly cascading down on the town. Everyone was asleep, and not a single person walked the streets. Alone, The Goliath sat on his porch to watch the star fragments drifting down to the Earth. They only last for a minute once they land, before disintegrating into millions of small particles.
	He looked at his handful of fragments and got an idea. Grabbing a pearl pestle from his drawer, He mashed the fragments until they turned into a fine powder. The Goliath held his shank and cut himself across his left hand, and blood poured out of the open wound.
He winced and put on his glasses, pushing them up. Pouring some of the powder on the open wound, He clenched his left hand into a fist. Opening it again, the Stardust was gone, and so was the wound.  Getting a paper bag, He poured the remaining masses into it, sealing it shut. He didn’t know why He did what He did. It just came to him… like deja vu but from a past life.

***

The next day, He set up his cart again. Dividing the Stardust into small bags, He distributed it to the citizens. It had been a couple more months since that summer, and He had gotten some new wares. He made more bilateral contracts with Xavié and started selling baguettes, shortbread, and pain au chocolat. He now knew most of the locals who lived around the area.
“Fine morning, Mohamed!” The Goliath waved at a kid who often bought croissants from his cart. The boy waved back with a galvanized glee.
Jumping to The Goliath’s cart, Mohamed popped some coins onto the counter. “Can I get a chocolate croissant pleeaseee?”
The Goliath put the coins back into Mohamed’s palm and closed it. “This one’s on the house.” Mohamed looked at The Goliath with a confused face and asked, “What does that mean?”
The Goliath looked at the kid’s innocent face and told him with a soft demeanour, “It means that it’s free.” Mohamed’s face brightened up, and he thanked The Goliath. The Goliath returned a warm smile.
Mohamed suddenly found the pile of paper receptacles and asked, “What are those things?” The Goliath answered, “Stardust, I just collected them yesterday. It should heal any wound if you put it on.” Mohamed was intrigued.

“Can it heal disease?”

The Goliath looked back shocked. “I mean, if you inhale it…” What was He doing? He didn’t know if it would work or not, but something told him— past experience… who— or rather— what was He before He landed here?
The Goliath was visibly perturbed. He redirected his attention to Mohamed. “In theory…” but it wasn’t in theory, it was certain. He knew that He was sure, yet He couldn’t explain how… “yes if you inhale it nasally, it will heal most if not all diseases.”
The kid looked at him in wonder. “Even the Plague?”
The Goliath looked at him and said, “Maybe, is there someone you need this for?” Mohamed replied, “Yeah, my grandma, she has been sick for a while now.”
“You should try one and see. I won’t charge you for this one. If it doesn’t work, let me know,” The Goliath patted the kid and sent him on his way.

While He waited, He tried to recall how He knew what He knew.
A few hours later, the kid came skipping back smiling ear to ear. “She’s cured!”
The Goliath gazed at Mohamed, still in deep thought. “Why, I thought it would…” He trailed off. The boy thanked him and left, leaving The Goliath still deep in his ponderance.

He was stuck, in thought, still as a statue. Through rain and sunshine, through the high winds and the driest of weather, He stood. For weeks He went, thinking about who He was. Every time the villagers walked past him, they expressed worry on their faces seeing Goliath in such a state.
Winter was just around the corner, and with cold winds blowing against him, He endured and remained— in reminiscence of a non-existent past.
He spent his entire evening unmoved, frozen in his position, but just as the sun set, he saw a swift motion by the corner of his eye.
His pupils dilated and he gasped, immediately ducking. A flurry of grapeshot flew by, inches from his face, shattering the windows of the building behind him. Looking at the gulf, he saw a fleet of frigates and three carracks entering the bay area with more following suit. As if on cue, they flew their flags: a donut, a black hole, four sprinkles, and a deathly dark purple.
The Goliath raced towards the alarm bells, running as fast as he could. He remembered. He remembered everything.

Xavié II

Xavié and The Goliath became good friends. They hung out together often, and The Goliath would often share his wisdom with him.
In the winter of the eighth year after Goliath’s arrival, he and the rest of the townsmen held a festival for the day of Goliath’s arrival. It wasn’t anything grand. There were a few plates of pastries situated on a small table, and the dessert was on a sizable pedestal for ease of access.
“Thank thee, Xavié, thou art very generous, putting this much of your finely baked pastries in the name of me, but do you not think this is too much? I am quite doubtful about the number of people that would visit such an obscure event,” the Goliath spoke worriedly.
“Fie, there shan’t be a man within a mile that hathn’t witnessed at least the resumé of thine grand ceremony,” Xavié said confidently, “and there was no trouble. Just last evening, I accidentally put too much dough in the oven whilst I dawdled. I thought I’d nip my batch for the party anyway, ya get me?”
“I highly doubt thou shoveth’d  three hundred pounds extra in thy oven,” The Goliath chuckled, “but thank thee, this is quite nice.”

The people trickled in as Xavié stood at the front door, greeting each guest. Xavié looked back at the Goliath. The Goliath seemed to know many of these guests that Xavié invited.
The warm post lights gleamed a fiery and cordial orange. The fireflies fluttered, and a soft glow from the candles poured in from the walls.
People slowly trickled in. It wasn’t too crowded, but many people knew The Goliath— good friends and all. The Goliath was soon surrounded by a circle of kids inquiring about their math homework.
“Mr. K, how does long division work?” Asked a petite girl. The Goliath smiled and said, “You’re not there yet, Stephanie, but I’ll explain the basics.” At some point, He had developed an undeclared nickname of “Mr. K” among his students.
While Goliath was busy calming the kids, the adults had their turns talking to him too.r
“Hey John, how’s it been? You remember me, right? I’m Dean— Dean Cole.” The Goliath also developed a nickname of John, as it was easier to pronounce than “The Goliath”.
“Oh, why you must be Luke’s cousin! Come, sit, let us have a chat.” They both took a glass of champagne and began talking about their life stories.
“Do you remember anything before you fell from the sky?” Asked Dean.
The Goliath’s eyes suddenly loured, and He grimaced. “I don’t recall, I only remember meaning… My purpose.”
Dean looked at He, slightly confused. The Goliath waved it off, and asked Dean what his plans were.
“Oh, I’m just planning to move to the Northern settlement. I heard life’s a little more comfortable over there, and I have a lot of family there as well. I’ll probably be going a month from now,” Dean smiled at Goliath.
“Oh well, that’s great. It’s just a shame that we have to lose a townsman like you,” replied The Goliath. The Goliath turned to Dean, “Welp, let us enjoy the rest of this ‘ceremony’, I suppose.”
And they did.
The mood was lively. Crystal-clear glasses of champagne glistened in the night sky like twinkling stars, and music that healed the ears rang softly in the darkness of the skies. Breathtaking aroma swirled through the busy night fiesta. Xavié sat and looked at the sky. He may have lived a humble life, but he knew that it was the best life he could have asked for.

***

	Another year passed.

	On a crisp Autumn morning, Xavié began to bake a batch of baguettes. Putting them out on display, he immediately began working on his new project, a mega-cake. Autumn was almost over, and the last leaves were leaving the outer branches of the trees.
	He added small decorations to the mega-cake: flower flakes, sugar confections, and a maple glaze. He looked at the product, still work-in-progress, and smiled to himself. He shalt surprise the Goliath with it for his second awakening anniversary!

	Suddenly, the shopkeeper’s bell rang, and Xavié hurried to the front.
	Peeking over the counter was a short girl— who looked to be around five years old— impatiently waiting for service. Xavié felt like he had seen her before. He suddenly recognized the face. Oh you’re Stephanie, Goliath’s pupil!
	She looked at Xavié weirdly, but then nodded. She then pointed to a baguette and affirmed her choice. Xavié smiled and handed her the bag; she put four bronze coins on the table. Xavié saw them and stifled a laugh. The baguette cost six. The girl is quite bad at math! Xavié thought. Little did he know, Stephanie only learned bargaining from the greatest. The Goliath.
	Xavié went back to his cake, and most customers just self-served as the day went by. After an entire day, Xavié hung his apron on the wall and called it a day.
	Walking up the stairs, he got to his quarters. He looked out his window to see the town’s lights slowly extinguish. From the stone-structured town square to the wooden paths and straw houses, the villagers went to sleep, one after another.
	Xavié was just about to close his eyes when he heard a loud bang. The sound was sharp and steely, piercing the night sky. He started towards his window.

	A metal ball shot through his window, ricocheting off the window sill and puncturing the side wall, blowing through a wooden beam.

	The sound of cannonfire shredded the tranquil waters.


Goliath III

	The alarm bells clang throughout the town. Fire ravaged the streets and stone brick buildings imploded under the oncoming waves of lead. The entire coastal district nearly disintegrated after the first barrage.
	The Goliath screamed for the citizens to get to safety. He clung to the alarm, tugging it, over and over again. Lead and iron shots flew all around him, embedding themselves into the wooden structures of the tower. The Goliath clenched his fists harder, as metal and splinters began to pierce his body. Bloody wounds opened on every square inch of his pale skin, torturing his body.
	The dome of the alarm tower began to give in. A large splinter suddenly flung towards The Goliath, slashing through his back and taking a chunk of his flesh. The Goliath cried in pain, but He would not stop until the braziers were lit. The wound began to gush blood as He made his way to the pile of firewood. Grabbing a torch, He struck it repeatedly against a musket flint until it lit up. Another splinter cut his face. He winced, but He dared not to stop.
	Carrying the torch, He hobbled towards the brazier. His leg was beat. Suddenly, His right leg gave in, twisting his ankle. Half crawling and half lunging, He began to inch closer and closer to the brazier. Another explosion rang in the air, shaking the tower. He was almost there. With one last breath, He kicked off the parapet and threw the torch into the firewood.
	Nothing happened. The Goliath held his breath for a few seconds. Then, the pile set ablaze brighter than the sun— the fire reaching for the skies.
	The Goliath smiled and lied down to wait for his demise.
	“Goliath!” A voice called.
	Now alert, The Goliath turned to see Xavié rushing towards him. A secondary explosion went off. The tower began to shudder and crumble. Xavié staggered but reached out a hand.
	“Now why in baguette’s name did you come here?” The Goliath yelled.
	“T’is hard to ignore a good chap trying to set fire to the tallest building in the village whilst juggling a flambeau!” Retorted Xavié. “Can you get up? I’ll drag you if I must.”
	“No, my legs’ beat,” Replied The Goliath. “Go while you still can.”
	“Nay, t’is my friend, and knowing thee, thou dost not want a fiery immolation,” said Xavié. He began dragging The Goliath down the building.
	Musketfire began after the first volley, tearing into the terrified village. In waves, the townsmen fell. Lines of iron bullet heads zipped through the air, line after line. Everything was on fire, the hay, the farms, the houses, the shops… Everything.
	Struggling on the walls, the two picked up the pace. Through immeasurable pain, The Goliath stood, not wanting to be an impedance.
	The Galleys were almost at the quays, and javelins started being hurled from the deck. The first Galley docked, and enemy spearmen flooded the docks, bearing a purple and white banner of the same symbol: chiselled donut, black hole, and four sprinkles denoting death.
	The two got to ground level. Seeing the soldiers rushing up the bay, Xavié made haste. “Thou art crippled, allow me to drag you.”
	“And with what?” The Goliath asked.
	Xavié saw his bakery and got an idea. Running to the red tarp in the bakery, he yanked it off, rolled it around a mop lying nearby and wrapped some of the tarp around the mop. Xavié placed the dangling fabric on the ground and dragged Goliath on.
	“I shalt drag thee with this,” Xavié replied, almost out of breath.
	Circumstances brooked no time for The Goliath to act with reluctance. Kicking with all his might, Xavié ran, faster and faster.
	Behind them, the world collapsed. A thriving market was reduced to rubble and the monuments imploded into embers and ash. Xavié ran, trying to dodge and weave the rubble that blocked the streets.
The Goliath groaned, almost falling unconscious due to the blood He was losing. Just then, He felt something shift in his pocket. Pulling it out, He found a small bag of Stardust. Rubbing it on his wounds, He stopped the bleeding. Regaining control of his limbs, He told Xavié to halt.
“Thou couldst not run if thou wanted to, and thou requested me to stop?” Xavié screamed through tears and agony.
“My ankle is fine now, Xavié, I still have some Stardust,” The Goliath replied.
He tossed the rest to Xavié, who pulled his shirt up and revealed a bloody gash on his abdomen. Shoving a fistful of the powder into the wound, he tossed the bag and ran with The Goliath.

All around them was death. Women and children charred by fire piled outside houses, limbless men staggered around before falling down again. It was an egregious scene, a terrifying scene.
The Goliath suddenly spotted a young girl wandering around the ruins. Realizing who it was, He sprinted towards her.
“Stephanie!” He cried. His eyes filled with tears. She turned around to look at him.
Suddenly, a chainshot flew by, and Stephanie was reduced to a bloody puddle.
“NO, NOOO,” The Goliath roared. Xavié caught Goliath’s hand. “We must go.” The Goliath’s eyes filled with anger. Running again, he stared ahead with a leaden daze— a thousand yards away. “She didn’t deserve to die. She didn’t deserve to die…”

	The second barrage started. The cannons on the Carracks came to range this time. Huge 36-pounder cannons came to life, shattering the atmosphere with ball and black powder. The frigates began another volley as well, spitting 12-pounder chain shots spinning towards what was left of the coastal ruins.
	What was left of what they used to own was gone, and the Earth around them erupted. They dove to the ground and covered their heads. When The Goliath got up, Xavié was nowhere to be seen. Looking at the creeping barrage headed for him, He was forced to run— far away— while Xavié was nowhere to be seen.

He made it to his hut and looked down at the rest of the town.

	The valley was in flames. The town was gone, reduced to sediment and buried under the onslaught of artillery.

	More ships came into view. A fleet of Galleons and an infinite number of sloops and longboats covered what used to be beautiful blue waters. Launching another barrage of 12-pounders, 18-pounders, 24-pounders and 36-pounders, the ships pummeled the dead into cartilage and bone. Whoever survived was finished off by the land forces, shooting, stabbing, and decapitating any survivors. None was left to live.
	The Goliath collapsed to his knees. It was all gone, every bit of it. He looked at the flag that flew: purple… the gaping void… He knew. His memories came flooding back to him, more and more. Flames started growing out of his skin, and his body emitted a vigorous light. It was The Behemoth… She had done this… and The Behemoth Empire…

His spirit flared. Iterating his goal again, He vowed vengeance. I am The Goliath, and I shall kill all that is Behemoth.

Teresa I

	“...and I shall kill all that is evil.”

	Teresa woke up in a cold sweat. She had been having weird dreams ever since they left for the island.
	“Come, my apprentice. Another blemish in our nation will be redressed today,” the captain called from the deck.
	Teresa quickly got dressed and promptly headed towards the quarter-deck. The captain was pacing around, awaiting Teresa’s arrival. She had a huge stature, and her shoulders spanned two of Teresa’s arm spans.
	“There you are,” she had a malevolent grin on her face, “today, you will see greatness bequeathed upon an entire town!

***

Teresa stood on the deck of the head Galleon, BE-K Grandough Nut, Behemoth Empire warcraft of Krapfen. A deafening row of 36-pounders discharged their roundshots towards the village. The rest of the ships followed suit. Soon, a wall of lead, chain, and shrapnel bombarded the coastline, tearing into the walls and the brittle wood houses.
	Krapfen Fett sat atop her throne, looking at the scene with a satisfied smug. They were no threat.
	“Your Highness, if I may, dost thou not think’st the damage hath been done? Nothing in the vicinity, much less in the village would even be writhing. If they somehow survived, the fires would have burnt them to a crisp!” Teresa spoke.
	“WRONG. Thou speakest nonsense. I do not care for the people. I must enforce: If I point in that direction, that direction shalt be gone. If I point at the puny townsmen, my dignity shalt be gone. Dost thou understand?”
	Teresa’s lips trembled. She looked at the burning wrecks, and a tear slid down her right cheek. They were only children.
	“Do you question my judgement?” interrogated Krapfen.
	“Nay, thine wish is my command.”

	The crew had already begun loading the second barrage. The main deck became a bustling rush. The 18-pounder cannons were suddenly surrounded by the crew. Taking the powdered charges, they threw it down the bore of the cannon.
	Teresa looked at the process with a pained expression. “Your majesty Krapfen Fett, would it not be better if we captured them?”
	“Thou art such a hassle. Doth not dither now, we will capture the remaining if any survives.”
	Commands from the gun loaders were coming from all thirty-six portside Long Gun stations. The stations began sitting the charges, thrusting the ramrod firmly into the bore.
	“Highness, I am highly against—” Teresa began.
	“There shalt be no survivors,” Krapfen stressed, “and no further discussion.” She looked towards the town. Their Galleys and Longboats were almost about to make contact.
	The crew began to load the rounds. Picking up the chain shots, the crew loaded the first ball in. The second ball soon followed suit. The stations began sitting the round with the ramrods, ensuring they fit properly.
Soon, all thirty-six guns were loaded with round-shot ammunition. The entire ship was now a primed weapon of death.
The crew inserted a quickmatch in each cannon, and the entire ship was ready to fire. Krapfen Fett looked at Teresa with a smug grin. “Let the second barrage begin.”
The 18-pounder deck guns came to life, firing huge chain shots towards the land. 36-pounders in the gun deck rumbled and rocked the ship’s frame.
The other ships began discharging their load too, but this time, the volley was one crude wreck. Some ships failed to load, some delayed, and some saw too much powder charge in the chamber. The whole fleet discharged huge iron pellets in disunion, which resulted in the creeping barrage falling short, hitting some of their own infantry.

Krapfen grumbled in dissatisfaction. “Send in reinforcements, get the sloops to the bay, NOW.” She looked at Teresa with two blazing eyes. “You will be firing the third barrage.”
	The crew began to clean the bores. Getting the sponge, they began rocking the fleece back and forth. Taking the sponge out, they paused, looking towards the captain attentively.
	“Well, t’is thine turn to command,” Krapfen Fett said.
	“Faugh, I shalt not commence another massacre in the name of The Behemoth!” Teresa replied in anger.
	“I am not asking. T’is a direct order from She, dost thou understand?” Krapfen Fett adamantly avered. I have done all thus far, t’is thine turn.
	Teresa stood in silence, lost for words.
	“Well, give them commands! What are we firing?” Krapfen questioned excitedly.
	“Thou art sickly,” Teresa said with an enraged glower. Krapfen returned the look. Teresa turned to the crew with cold eyes.

	“Load the roundshots.”

	“Fire.”

…and the ships fired.

Xavié III

	Xavié gained consciousness and was instantly blinded by dirt and gravel pouring into his eye sockets. Yanking himself up, he tried to blink the dirt away. His eyes watered from the clay shifting around his eyelids. Trying to get them out, he rubbed his eyes, but it only made his vision blurrier.
	Xavié quickly stumbled to a nearby water puddle and splashed some water on his face. He looked around, but his vision was still blurry. He stood up on both feet and started walking towards the nearest ledge. Looking down, he found himself looking at an inferno. Fires spread across the wooden buildings, and the docks were already turned to ash and pebbles. A battalion of Behemothan troops marched his way. Xavié began to panic. He tried to run but was soon met by a sharp pain shooting up his knee. Looking back, the Behemothan army had already advanced halfway up the hill.

	Shifting his gaze, he stared at them. The dawn sun slowly crawled up from the horizon. He slowly lifted his arms in a gesture of surrender. He buckled, falling on his knees, devoid of colour. “There’s nothing we can do.”

***

	Gaining consciousness again, he saw the world behind a set of bars. Water splashed on him. He looked up. There was no solid plating but a few iron bars. Rain poured in from the top, soaking him thoroughly. He looked at his surroundings. Around him were a few more cages, no more than twenty. He began looking for anyone he could recognize. Focusing his sight, he saw someone.
	“Thou goes by the name of Mohamed, aye?” Xavié asked.
	The kid looked up and saw him. His eyes glowed with a hint of lost radiance before shifting away his gaze. Tears welled up in his eyes.
	“I presume thou knowest The Goliath?” Xavié asked. Mohamed nodded. “He is alive, dost not worry, I promise He well.”
	The kid looked up and nodded, accruing a bit more hope.
	Xavié observed the surroundings. Behemothan troops in the thousands marched on around them. Hope’s presence had never seemed so far.
	Xavié sighed. Looking at the heavens, he begged for redemption, but nobody was there, at least, not anymore…


Ricardo I

	Ricardo was never the brightest one. He took residence in Liatheyll Hold, living in a comfortable abode, but he lacked aspirations and talent, and although he was loved by a great family, he never saw himself as worthy of this compassion. Every day, he would  preach his  ponderance for what means of life.
	The townsmen found him insane. “You have a mental illness,” they said, but it was no illness. There was no parasite, there was no virus nor disease, he only found the truth.
Yet even truth is subjective, for a distorted truth is the new truth, and what  foundations made of him began to shift, as social norms shedded new skin.
Lacking emotional assurance, he slowly began to believe them, that it was only an illness, and as long as there was a way to remedy it, all would be fixed.
He started bringing himself judgement and criticism, trying to design his life and mold it the way it should be. He blamed himself for past wrongs; he gave penance for the smallest faults he bore.
Not only did society look down on him, but he looked down on him.
Living a meaningless life and a hated one, he began realising, there would be nothing to save him. No matter how many times an aimless man is given redemption, it will always be dross.

***

He stepped into his room. He held his lamp ahead of him as he attempted to see through the dimmed night shadows.
He hung his oil lamp up the ceiling, illuminating the entire room. A gust of wind blew in from the window, sending some of his papers flying around. It was past midnight— all quiet in the village square. The shining crescent moon showed a pale light into his room, covering his walls with long-stretching shadows.
Standing in front of the doorway, he stared blankly into the fire of the lamp. He stood there, in a trance, dazed by the flames.
	Ricardo’s eyes reflected a waning glow, as the moon glided past the bounds of the window sill. Hours passed— hours restless.
He shifted his gaze. Looking at his desk, he saw his way out.
	On the table was a coil of rope. He took it. Walking towards the oil lamp, he removed it from the hook, replacing it with a straw rope knot. Tying it in a loop, he put a hook on the ceiling and stepped up on a nearby stool. He fitted his neck in the loop— his fingers trembling.
	As he tugged on the knot, the loop tightened, digging into his thin neck. He was now on his tip-toes. He shuffled to the edge of the chair; the rope dug farther into his neck. He closed his eyes.

	He stepped off the stool.
Ricardo II

	Dangling in the air, the rope cut off all circulation to his brain, but Ricardo didn’t flinch. He looked out the windows, getting a view of the stars one last time before he ceased to live. Suddenly, a bright light gleamed outside his window. It was a comet, travelling across the skies towards the southern mountain regions, except that it couldn’t be. Comets never appeared before midnight.
	Suddenly the glimmer woke him up. He searched for leverage with his feet. Standing back on the stool, he began gasping for air. He didn’t know why he did that, but the light changed something in him. Nothing was better about his life, but he saw something in that light: Paradise.

***

	A few days later, a letter was dropped in his mailbox. Ricardo picked it up and opened it. It was from Daniel. On the surface was scribbled: Urgent!
	He opened the envelope. It wasn’t urgent, but it did stimulate rumination. The letter wrote:

Good greetings, Ricardo,
Something really peculiar happened today. A bright object streaked across the sky just barely past sunset yesterday. At first I thought it was a comet, but no comets were meant to be visible at that time of day! Anyway, the figure crashed into my friend's house. He got really upset, but  then, we found out it was a man! He’s been in a coma for a bit now, but I’ll tell you when he’s awake!

Was that the light that he saw on that day? However, he didn’t get an answer; that was the last letter he got from Daniel.

***

	“To live or not to live.”

	Was that in the textbook? Ricardo didn’t remember. It had been a while. He never saw Daniel again, although he did get a letter from a good friend of Daniel’s, Xavié, that clarified his absence.

	He pursued a better secondary education and left town to go to a prestigious university. It’s in Mainland Asritzche. I heard it was really corrupt there, so I warned him not to go, but my efforts were in vain.
	Ricardo grimaced. The Behemothan Empire out of all places? He must have gone insane. He continued reading.
Oh, and also, he must have told you about a man that fell from the sky. The guy woke up today, startled a couple ‘o kids. It was pretty funny.

	The last part caught his eye. Maybe he could meet the guy and see who he is. After all, no normal person could emit a glow from their body. Ideas filled Ricardo’s mind as he thought, reminiscing about that fateful night.
	It had been seven years since his attempted self immolation. Not much has changed. Life was still purposeless, but he gave no thought to it. He only patted his own shoulder and told himself: Live, and it might be worth it. His parents loosened up, and Ricardo lived semi-contently.
	He went outside and took a breath of fresh air and walked. He did not know where he was going, but he just needed a breather.

***

	Another year elapsed, blurring before Ricardo’s eyes. It was dawn, and the sun began doing its daily lap. He walked around town, traveling with a spring in his step. It always felt good waking up early; he almost never did. You love what you lack. He began humming a melodic tune.
A sight suddenly stopped him in his tracks. A carriage was entering town. Curious, he strolled across the road and peeked inside. It was a small family of three, preparing to dismount.
The people got off, lugging some large, baggy luggage. Putting the bags on the ground, the couple went back into the carriage for more. When they came back out, they were pale and drained.
	“Heya, that looks heavy, let me help,” said Ricardo with a cordial grin. The couple looked at each other. After a bit of silent back and forth, they turned back to Ricardo and nodded thankfully. Ricardo began unloading the baggage.
	“Well, good anus,” Ricardo said to the new guys. They looked slightly confused. “Oh, I forgot to introduce myself,” Ricardo said, “I’m Ricardo. I mean well, I hope thou shouldst stay.” He extended his hand.
	The man stepped forward and shook it, “I am Dean— Dean Cole— and this is my wife, Martha.” Ricardo smiled. “Welcome.”



Goliath IV

	Deafening winds and shrapnel of ice dug into The Goliath’s skin. The tallest of mountains still stood in his way. Stretching his arm one over another, He scaled the sheer cliffside, digging his hands into the crystal blue ice. Glaciers crumbled below him, disintegrating into the storm as He climbed the rocky cliffs ahead.
	The ponderous skies dropped, succumbing to forces of gravity. The torpid blue ceiling crashed down upon the hardened rock crests. It was wrath, it was penance, and vengeance that traced the dreary fog.
	The Goliath took a good look back down. The ground had been completely covered by Behemothan troops. There was no heading back.
	He swung himself up on the ledge, panting in exhaustion. Laying on the frigid black ice, He began to drift. There was warmth somewhere.
It took hold of him, and He felt rigid fingers wrapped around his heart. It felt good. The grip grew, stronger and stronger, until it began to yank at him, tugging him down a very deep tunnel. The Goliath clenched a fist, and his expression began turning to that of struggle. He began writhing, tossing and turning his body left and right. The hand was dragging him farther and farther.
His hands suddenly grasped a pair of shackles. He held on, pulling it to resist the force of the invisible grip. He dared not to let go, but yet He couldn’t pull himself back up.

The Goliath gasped, and He was awake. He looked at his hands. There were no traces of trauma. He inhaled a cold breath. Beginning to walk forward, He felt unwavering determination— almost murderous in nature.

He peeked down a ledge, spying past the slate jut.
Behemothan forces occupied the vale’s neck, guarding the road. The Goliath looked around for any other enemies. There were none. Focusing on the Behemothan soldiers below now, He began to muse. For what reason I chain myself to whet that of evil. Faugh, foolish of them; foolish of me.
	The Goliath took out a dagger. With a gleam of hatred in his eyes, He flared his nostrils in disdain and snuck towards the guards. They had no idea what came for them.

***

	It was a hot summer day. The Goliath and Xavié strolled through the village, buying snacks to nibble on as they went.
	“Dost thou think'st thou wouldst be holy? Thither shan’t be ‘nother fellow born from an orbital reentry!” Xavié laughed.
	“I doth not know, for yonder I feeleth evil, and for what it is worth, I am drawn. I am drawn to destroy it,” The Goliath said, whom sudden sobriety weighed within.
	Xavié’s eyes grew somber. “And here I am, next to a man who found the world’s fragments in darkness and sodered them to unity— then who am I to be?” Xavié looked to the night sky for answers. His wistful eyes glowed dimly, and he smiled.
	“Promise me one thing,” Xavié continued, “I wishest thee not kill the innocent.”
	“And what motive shall I have to do such atrocities?” The Goliath’s guffaw echoed through the streets, but Xavié did not meet his gaze. “People change. They abandon what creed they had and what morals they subjected themselves to for another. They lose themselves.”
	The Goliath looked at Xavié with plighting eyes, “There shan’t be an innocent felled by the hand of judgement.”
	Xavié shifted his worried gaze back and put on a grin. Patting The Goliath’s shoulder, he remarked coolly, “The holy man pledges no harm!”
	The two began chortling in delight.

***

	The Goliath stood over a dozen cold bodies. His blade was splashed with a layer of frozen ichor. His stormy pupils shot anger, pain, and anguish into the dead of the storm. The winds drowned him, the snow cut him, and incursions of hail brought him to his knees.
	Painfully standing up, He went down the path, stumbling down the broken trail, meandering through the immortal pikes of stone.

***

	The conifer saplings extended their gentle branches. Fir swept the floor in the gentle winds that curled and swiveled across the low-hanging boughs. The pine trees swayed to the weight of the snowy cumulations atop the prickly branches. Sunlight gleamed through the fissures in the sky; globules of water rolled down the miniature spears of the conifer.
	A fire kindled in the woods, and warm, glowing embers drifted into the sky. The Goliath sat by the fire, attempting to nurture his own wound. He rested, lying there, enjoying the stint of respite from the tranquil woods.
	He looked at the open wounds stretching across his legs. Grimacing in pain, He rolled up his pants. His entire leg was covered in wounds. He edged closer to the fire to try to get a better look. Suddenly, his open wounds began to close, and his bruises began to lighten. The Goliath recoiled from astonishment. The wounds stopped healing.
	The Goliath attempted to approach the flame again, putting his arm closer to the fire. The cuts on his hand began to disappear. The purple bruises faded to a lighter hue before blending into his pale skin. The fire had healed him.

	The Goliath sat by the fire till night, in ponderance of this phenomenon. The silence of the night cloaked He, plunging the lands into pitch darkness. Only the dim fire spotted the shadows. The stars in the sky glimmered like glass shards— the moon hidden behind a veil of darkness. He began drifting off to sleep. Suddenly, the stars bursted into bright golden flames. The Goliath sat up, witnessing the spectacle. The stars began descending their way towards the earth once again, trailing golden rays behind them. Light as feathers, they glided down, cutting through the night sky. The Goliath caught one— then another. The skies were illuminated with brilliant trails of aurelin-gold.
	Crushing it, The Goliath produced a pouch from his pocket and poured the powder in. Then, staring at the starry night sky, he fell asleep.

Daniel II

	Daniel was drenched in sweat. His stomach did somersaults as he raced through the campus, desperately trying to beat the bell. The class prior had eaten into the transition time, and now he was left with sixty-seven seconds to sprint across three limestone megastructures.
	He found himself parkouring over the rooftops— sprinting for his life— dashing from one roof to another. He looked at his watch. There were thirty-one seconds remaining. Soon, he found the campus building. He jumped over the parapet and wrapped his hands around a slate window sill. Clinging onto the side of the building, he began scaling it. Placing one hand over another, he advanced up. He had five more stories to climb; he was running out of time. Grappling his hand onto a ledge, he began pulling himself up to the final story. His hand slipped, and the stone masonry scraped across his forearm. There was now a bleeding gash sprouting from his wrist.
	His other hand began to lose its grip. Twisting his body, he swung himself up and pushed with all his strength. He flew into the window, tumbling into a mound of empty donut boxes.
	“You're late,” a cold tone echoed through the classroom, “by twenty-four seconds.”
	A cold shiver ran down Daniel’s spine. He extended his right hand, gripping the bookshelf for leverage. Suddenly, a pain shot up from his arm. He looked at his hand, realizing that it was covered in blood. Oh, right, he’d scraped it just now.
	“The first thing you decide to do is smudge my bookshelf with bloodstains? I believe I am owed a proper apology.”
	Daniel looked towards the teacher, “Madam Behemoth, I apologize, profusely, for the mess I have created.”
	The Behemoth sneered in disdain. “I have told you before. I rule these lands and waters, this is my empire. You do as I wish, and you will be rewarded, and if you defy orders…” She glared at Daniel, “then there will be consequences.”
	Daniel weakly lifted his head and tried to argue, “but—”
	“Daniel… Daniel… Daniel,” She began chastising, “you just don’t know when to talk. I must say, I love kids. I have a kid of my own. That is why I allocate such precious time to teach you imbeciles,” she continued, “but why do you defy me? I have been nothing but kind to thee.”
	“But Madam, what about the others? I am the only one here— I am the first one here—”
“And you will be the last one. I find your attitude distasteful, hence, your attendance will not be needed. You get a zero. Now, Get out.”
“Wait—”
“There will be no more discussion.”
“Your Majes—”
“I SAID GET OUT!” The Behemoth bellowed; the screams of a thousand souls broke from her gaping mouth, making the building quake and the windows shatter.
Daniel promptly got up and hobbled out of the classroom. He began heading towards the infirmary, heaving a dejected sigh every step he took. He was left a broken man. All he stood for— everything he built began crumbling down on him.
The run was great, but it was over. The greatness he sought came to an abrupt end. Rambling in his mind, his vision grew hazy, and veins started crawling up his eyes.
He snapped back to clarity. Hailing a carriage, he started towards the nearest hospital.

A knight fell from his high horse,
But the bards still sung their psalm,
In the air, not a hint of remorse,
Nor when he sought power in his palm—
And razed his bearings dull—
Like the last strength of a bull:
Now everything was calm.

***

He stepped out of the building with a bandage wrapped around his arm. He had been on the waitlist for the past six hours. The musty chairs had dulled his sense of smell. He inhaled a breath of cold air and looked up at the skies. He was in no rush anymore. He strolled through the paved pathways— it was the first time he wasn’t in a rush. Short lamp posts dimly lit the pathway where he strolled.
Yet an invisible hand still clawed at his neck. His vision began tunneling again. Suddenly, his legs gave in, and he fell.

***

The crickets fluttered about and the cicadas sang their rather wretched ballads. Leaves rustled to the squirrels frolicking and the winds that blew forth. Where was he? Daniel slowly opened his eyelids. His vision was still blurry, and his head was throbbing. While trying to figure out where he was, he accidentally stared directly into a brightly lit lamp.
“AH! Blimey,” he cursed. He blinked the spots out of his eyes. Patting the surface beneath him, he realised that he was lying on a bench. He tried to remember what happened. Ah, I must have collapsed from fatigue. He brushed the dust off of himself. Suddenly, he looked around, bewildered. I could have sworn I fell on the ground. Now sitting upright, he twisted his head around and did a full scan of his surroundings.
A girl came into his view, startling the living daylights out of him. He let out a yelp and tumbled over the bench. The girl just sighed.
	“Get up,” she ordered. Daniel scrambled up and quickly distanced himself from the strange girl. She was ploddingly scribbling on a piece of parchment.
	“You are…?” Daniel questioned.
	“Teresa,” she replied promptly. “Back from the crusades— I didn’t go with the infantry. You're Daniel, I presume.”
	“How—” Daniel was about to ask.
“The Behemoth was complaining about your presence for a while now.” She added, “Also, our name tag was poking out of your uniform.”
He looked down at his shirt. Daniel —Failure— Zhu. His dad embedded his social rank in his middle name so that it served as a benchmark of his progress. It hasn’t really changed since birth.
“Huh.” Daniel said blankly. He shifted his gaze to Teresa’s parchment. “What’s that?” he asked.
“Notes,” she responded without lifting her head. Daniel spent the rest of the evening mesmerized at her notes.
Ricardo III

	The hellfires of an inferno grew, sparks of metal flew with the embers, and there emerged He, newly reborn— but this time he shall not falter, nor flee.

	Ricardo groaned. He slowly lifted his sheets and crawled out of bed— except he wasn’t on the bed, but instead sprawled on the floor. Confused and disoriented, he swiveled around, trying to locate his pillow.
	With blurry eyes, he began feeling around his room. Looking down, he saw that his left sock was missing. Stumbling around his room, he stubbed his toe against the bed. Ricardo let out an unhinged scream as the pain shot up his leg. Falling back on the bed, he landed face first into a dirty sock. Ah, there it is. He picked it up and put it on.
	He went outside for his daily stroll in the neighborhood. Walking on the outer walls of the city, he spotted a bloodied man, staggering towards the city. Alarmed, he rushed to tell the guards.
Along the way, he ran into Dean, who was quite alarmed to see Ricardo in such a panicked state. “Hello there, what can I do ya for?” Dean asked casually with his regular grin.
“There’s a guy at the gates. He’s got blood all over him!” Ricardo was now white with fear, fiddling and hopping around as if he needed a quick nip to the loo.
“Where did you see this man?” Dean interrogated, now with a sober face. Ricardo pointed to the Southern gate. The two started hastily towards the direction. Having not exercised in the past two weeks, Ricardo felt his joints melting as he tried to keep up with Dean.
The two perched on the wall, focusing on the tiny figure making his way towards the city.
“We should get the guards,” Ricardo yelped anxiously. His friend gestured for him to wait. The man was making steady pace towards the walls.
“Mr. Cole, I think it’s best if we hurry up a bit!” Ricardo called again, but Dean was as still as a statue. Ricardo could make out the man’s eyes now— steely cold and devoid of life. Frightened, Ricardo began making his way down to tell the others. Cole grabbed his collar, forcing him to stay put.
“Open the gate, let him in,” Dean said. His voice became stony. “Open it now.”

	The pulley creaked, and the door slowly opened. The Goliath walked right through— without a hint of indecision. Dean rushed over to The Goliath.
	“Good lord, how fare ye? What hast happened to thee— thou art covered in blood,” He quickly produced an elixir in his hand. “Here, I request thee have this, thou art injured.”
	“Nay, t’is but the blood of the enemy, but I come to admonish thee. The village has fallen, warn the Monarch. They are coming. I will gather supplies, and I will be gone by the light of dawn.”
	“But why? Why must you? And what happened at the village? Endow us with more,” pleaded Dean, realizing the gravity of the situation.
	“The Behemothan Empire. They killed them all— massacred the children, slaughtered families, and executed the rest. ‘Sblood, I shalt settle this with blood,” The Goliath’s stormy gaze told chapters. Dean immediately began questioning The Goliath, but The Goliath promptly ignored him.
	“And what of thee?” Dean questioned, “What of thee now? How wouldst thee traverse these lands? The Behemothan army plunders the cities— they roam where they want, steal what they can— how couldst thee fare?”
	“Their blood drenches my hand, litres beyond count, and I don’t suppose that hinders me,” The Goliath retorted in a steely tone.
	“But why? Why must thee retaliate with more carnage? Haven’t we had enough?” Dean was now stifling tears.
	“And so what if there be more of what is plenty already? I too have had enough— of The Bemothan reign.”
	“But thou dost not understand, The Behemoth is more powerful than fathomable. Thou shalt surely perish.”
	“Yet She squanders her troops and hides behind a rank of armour— and whom dost thou propose is a fearsome leader?”
	“I-” Dean had no words.
	“Prepare for the assault, they will begin siege on the Southern Gate. I know, I saw them all.”

	Ricardo sat there speechless. He approached Dean, who seemed no less agitated than he. “Alrighty— shall we warn the guards then?”

Xavié IV

	Xavié began putting the dough into the oven. The heavenly aroma washed over his dullened nose; he gave a fainted smile. He put his back against the wall, sliding into a stool, utterly exhausted from his labours. Drenched in sweat, he began tending the cooking fire.
	He was back home again, for a sweet second…
	“Fie! Why dost thou slack? Thou art out of stock for days on end— a hell of a cookery this is!” a booming voice protested from over the counter. Xavié looked up. A looming figure stood over the counter, emanating a fearsome aura. A purple crest cast a gloomy gloss, glazing the armour with an amethyst glow. It was a Crest of the Behemoth, only bequeathed upon Bemothan squires.
	Trembling with fear, Xavié attempted a pleasing tone, “Good guv it will be just a minute. Business is busy innit? I will—”
	“Does the Monarch pay thee for us to have patience? I want my pastries NOW, not later,” the squire was in no mood to argue. Xavié hastily turned up the heat.
Stifling a sneer, he began reminiscing— what became of his friends— he had seen it all.

After the first three days, less than half of the prisoners were still alive. Blood was spilled daily. The prison became nothing more than a slaughterhouse.
On the fourth day, they sought out all the infants. Wrapping them in oil-soaked cloth, they were thrown over the walls, one by one, burning each one alight. Xavié vividly remembered their mothers’ screams and the look of terror their faces manifested.
On the seventh day, they began executions. One by one, the prisoners stood in front of a row of muskets, and volley after volley they died.
On the eighth day, they had killed so many that they ran out of powder. They sent the rest of the prisoners to the gallows, where they would be hung, one by one until nightfall.
Thereafter, what remained of the prisoners were dealt with according to their utility. Xavié was forced into the kitchen, where he remained for days. He did not know what became of the rest.

What remnants of his neighbours were hidden from him? He stopped thinking. It hurt his head. He put the new batch on the counter. “I’ll take the entire batch,” the squire said and promptly left.
A figure appeared at the desk. The customer’s stature cast a shadow over Xavié. Xavié began to cautiously turn around, facing the man. In his head, he had already meticulously chosen his words.
“Sir, the next batch will be a while. The previous man had taken all of my stock…” Xavié did not meet the man’s eyes.
“It’s alright Xavié, I’m here for memories anyway.” The assurance calmed Xavié’s nerves.
Xavié put the next batch of dough in the oven. After feeding the fire, he went to the back to prepare the other pastries.
I don’t even know where I am, nor from whence I fared. He ruminated dejectedly. Taking some of his pastries, he returned to the counter. His gaze still couldn’t meet that of the man’s.
“Thank you, Xavié,” the man spoke softly. Without looking, Xavié nodded.
Then, Xavié paused. He hadn’t told anyone his name… whipping his head around and craning his neck, he attempted to get a better look at the man’s face. The sun glared into his eyes, forcing him to squint.
“It’s just me,” the big guy leaned over. Xavié could see his face now. His eyes widened, and he caught his breath. A flurry of emotions— relief, joy, anger, anguish, and outrage welled up inside him as he stood there, glaring. It was Daniel.

	“Good grief! How hast thee fared recently—” Daniel was cut off by Xavié. “Thou hast summed up the gaul to speak to me anon? Thou hast forsaken thine kin, thine brothers, and sent the neighbours of thine to Hell, yet among the burning embers of our village’s inferno, thou thinkst thou hast any right to return?”
	Daniel looked confused and offended. “What of our village? And what are these embers thou speakest of? I razed no village, thine ramblings are of insanity!”
	“‘Sblood! Thou imbecile! Havest thee not heard of our village’s fate? To think thou couldst be such a meagre pawn of the Behemoth! Fie, I feel nothing but disdain for thee,” Xavié bitterly hollered. Refusing to meet the eyes of Daniel, he tried to leave.
	“Xavié, thou dost not understand,” Daniel pleaded, “I’ve been beguiled— I am no disciple of She— not anymore. I was wrong, and I seek forgiveness.”
	Xavié heeded not what he said. With his back turned to Daniel, he walked back, devoid of emotion. He saw no more need to speak with him.

***

	The fiery flames erupted from the crucifix. “Thou shalt receive judgement from She who owns thee, and by the name of The Behemoth, I pronounce thine death.”
Shrill screams pierced the midnight sky. The man hung on the wooden cross, writhing in pain as he got devoured by purple flames. The fire crawled up his ankles, then his waist, and soon, it enveloped him whole. The screams were suddenly silenced, and the embers disappeared, leaving behind a pile of ash.
Xavié stared at the former human. He manifested no emotion. What treachery was thither, he had seen; what crimes were enacted, he had witnessed.

The next day he went to the prison compound to get his rations. He looked at the board, looking for possible jobs. A Behemothan guard approached him with urgent steps, leering at Xavié. Xavié saw him coming and prepared himself to resist. Two more Behemothan guards tailed the first, marching synonymously with their spears held high.
“Xavié, come hither, thou shalt see the warden immediately,”
	“And why must I?” Xavié was now sure that these soldiers had ill will.
	“She will’s us, and she follows the will of She, The Behemoth. If thou wishest to run amok, then thou turnest thine back to She— and for that, thou hast sinned. Dost thee wishest to seest thine head upon a stake?” Xavié did not fret. He felt no threat for the prospect of death and no fear for She— She who proclaims to be the Holy Hand.
	“The Holy Hand extends to all and omits none. Be not abhorrent to it, or it shall smite thee with glee,” the guard admonished.
	“And who must this ‘Holy Hand’ be? Who must be so egoistic as to call themselves ‘The Holy Hand’? Thine delusion speaks for thyself. You jest,” Xavié jeered, “for She is not the Holy Hand, but The Goliath, whom bless has placed its hand upon.”
	“Thou darest bastardize She? She is the hand that had felled all evil—” the guard was cut off.
	“I’m afraid that thou art mistaken then. Dost thou seest a tyrant, a dictator, and a killer to be righteous? How distasteful,” Xavié had turned his tone cold.
“Nay, I shalt have none of it. I shall let thee quail in the hands of judgment,” the guard retorted with distaste.
“Faugh, then I shalt let thee perish in the righteous hand of He.”
Xavié was subdued, then tied. Being led through the corridors of the castle, he felt no fear. What was there to fear? A hand of righteousness reached out to him, and a preordained justice had already fallen upon him.
He had no reason to fear, for it was not he who sinned, but they.
 Goliath V

	The Goliath fought valiantly against the Behemothan soldiers, but they were wearing him down. It had been just the break of dawn when the Behemothan Reich had found him. Attempting to seize him, a fight began.
	A spear narrowly missed The Goliath, inches from his face. Swiftly cutting the shaft in half, he then slit the spearman’s throat clean. That was for Stephanie. He thought. His shepherd’s blade quickly found its next target and the next.
Picking up a sword from a fallen soldier, he replaced his shepherd’s knife with a sword. There were still dozens surrounding him, but his arms were getting heavier and heavier. His strength was dwindling, but his will still stood. Thou shalt not kill. While musing, he saw an opening. He grinned. Aiming his blow to the gut, he struck. He sliced right through the plated armour, and blood gushed out of the open wound.
The Goliath plunged his weapon into another’s gut, twisting it as he did. The man let out a horrific scream as the blade struck clean through his armour. Grunting in pain, he tried to attack The Goliath, but The Goliath only twisted the blade harder, making him vomit blood. They stayed that way for minutes until the soldier bled dry.
Blood now splattered The Goliath’s face, but he was in no position to stop. He began making his way towards the rest, laughing hysterically.
The Behemothan soldiers looked at The Goliath in terror. It was as if a demon had been born amidst the fires of hell, darkened by the blood of a thousand men. The soldiers fled, tripping over themselves as they ran.

“Halt! Not one step back!” A voice boomed from behind the ranks, echoing through the vast valley.
The men continued to run. “I SAID NOT ONE STEP BACK!” a knight appeared over the ranks, unsheathing his sabre.
He slashed at the deserters who still tried to flee. Three soldiers instantly disintegrated under the mighty blow. The soldiers stopped their retreat, now realizing the new threat.
The knight widened his stance. Turning around, he spoke, “The Behemoth hath given us strength and power. She is with us— She favours us, not He! Let us not falter at the blood of the dead, for She commandeth us, and hence, we shall succeed. Do not cower; do not fear, for SHE IS WITH US!”
With renewed hope, the soldiers cheered and charged onwards. The Goliath hefted his blade up, and taking one last breath, he ran towards the endless ranks of soldiers.

The first strike headed directly for his chest. In the last second, he parried. The weapon flew out of the soldier’s hand. Taking the opportunity, The Goliath cut at the soldier’s arm. A lacerated arm dropped to the ground. The soldier fell, left to slowly bleed out.
The Goliath moved on to the next, slashing at the soldier’s legs before plunging his sword through his abdomen. Ripping his sword from the corpse, He focused his gaze upon yet another.
A spearman charged towards He, but He easily dodged the strike before snapping his neck.
The Goliath felt strength flowing through his body, and his body began to emit a red aura. He struck at the next enemy in his sight, but this time, the blade moved cleanly through the soldier’s body, cutting him cleanly in half.
As each soldier fell, The Goliath grew stronger and stronger— until it came down to the last soldier. The soldier lashed out— his blade arching across the air as The Goliath easily sidestepped the attack. The Goliath brought down his blade on his final foe. Dispatching the last threat, he looked up at the knight who was still perched atop a rocky ledge.
The knight leered at The Goliath. Purple irises glowed from under the helmet. “Thou’rt but a fool— a fool to be slaughtered soon. Let thy aspirations cease; let thine ashes scatter. Alloweth me— The Seventh Knight of Wynnguard— deign to end thee.”

Faster than The Goliath could blink, the knight struck at him with immense force. The air around him bent as he thrusted his blade towards The Goliath. The Goliath twisted his body, attempting to evade the sudden attack. The edge grazed his arm, making him wince in pain.
The second strike came, and this time, The Goliath couldn’t react. The saber struck against his blade, shattering it and knocking him back several paces.
He scrambled to pick up another weapon. His hand wrapped around the shaft of a spear, and he pulled it out of the ground. He attempted to counterattack, thrusting the spear towards the knight with all his might. The spear took on a blood-red glow as it left his hand, hurtling towards his opponent.
Suddenly, everything felt like slow motion. The time suddenly felt like liquid. The spear glided slowly across the air, yet the knight’s movements were unimpeded. He easily sidestepped the spear, and the weapon impacted on the brittle rocks behind him.
The Goliath staggered forward, trying to regain control of his body. The knight dashed towards The Goliath once again, ramming the sharp hilt of the sabre against The Goliath.
Blood poured out of the puncture wound, soaking his clothes red. The Goliath fell on his knees, crippled by his injuries.
“Thou thinkst thou couldst fell me? Thou jest. Mayest thee writhe in hell now, fallen by the Seventh Knight.” The knight sheathed his blade and began walking away, leaving The Goliath to bleed out.
“It is thee who jests,” The Goliath retorted. He spat on the ground and stood in defiance of The Seventh Knight of Wynnguard. The knight whirled around, drawing his blade once again.
The Goliath was now glowing dark red. Drenched in blood and sweat, He became the devil himself.
His aura thickened, solidifying into winding tentacles.
“I am He, and I shalt not yield to a meagre soul like thine. Face thy damnation, t’is too late to repent,” The Goliath’s voice became deep and wrathful as his left eye began to glow. “BEGONE! EVIL REIGNS ERE, BUT VENGEANCE REIGNS NOW!”
The Goliath’s left eye combusted into a dark red flame. He willed his aura to condense around him, creating hundreds of tentacles. Thrusting his hand forward, the tentacles shot towards the knight.
The knight flailed his weapon around helplessly as he was slowly bound by the tentacles. The Goliath strode over to the knight, stepping over the dead corpses of Behemothan soldiers. The Wynnguard knight suddenly broke free from the binds. With fear in his eyes, he swivelled around, preparing to flee.
The Goliath drew his shepherd’s knife and willed his aura to his blade, condensing it into a blood-red mist. In the next second, he drew his blade and slashed it through the air; a red arch flew towards the knight.
The warrior let out a yelp and dropped down in the mud, soon surrounded by a pool of blood. The Goliath looked at his hands. The power has come back to him.
Goliath VI

	…and thou must learn to forgive, for thou hast sinned, and He forgave.

	The Goliath looked up. He was met with vast blue skies stretching millions of miles and colossal grassy hills blanketing what used to be hardened rock. Mountains collapsed into pebbles, slate eroded to soil, and lumbering ice spikes melted into pleasant ponds.
	He tore his eyes from the scenery, focusing on his current task. Across the field was Liatheyll Hold— capital of Dodseye.
	Shifting his gaze back down, He spotted an armed guard standing beside a rickety wooden gate. The Goliath continued towards the gate, unfazed. He looked up at the gate and soon knew where he was. Liatheyll Hold. The guard at the gate lowered his spear, blocking The Goliath’s advances.
“Declare thyself,” the guard commanded.
“Why, I am from the Southern village! Now, please, I have urgent news that must be delivered,” The Goliath replied calmly.
“I must see some identification,” the soldier demanded, now tense.
“So be it,” The Goliath sighed. He ravaged his pack. After a few minutes, he turned pale. He had left it at the village.
“I have left it at the village, good guv, I’m afraid I do not have it,” The Goliath said after a long pause.
“Then I cannot let thee pass these gates.”
“Good grief, it is quite important, I will be out in no time!”
“Nay, I’m afraid thou must return to get thy papers.”
The Goliath was now getting angry. Grabbing the hilt of his dagger, He was ready to end this quarrel. The guard saw his gesture, and his gaze turned cold. Gripping his spear, he uttered another warning.
“I advise thee to turn back.”
The Goliath retorted, “Nay, thou dost not understand.”
The guard struck first. He thrust the spear towards The Goliath, hoping to resolve this quickly. The Goliath dodged the attack and lunged forward, knife in hand.
The soldier's eyes grew wide. Then, they rolled over in their sockets. The Goliath’s blade was firmly stuck in the soldier's neck. A stream of blood flowed down the gash, bloodying The Goliath’s hands. Fresh blood specked his face.
He continued through.
Upon approaching the wooden walls of the outer fortress, He was met with a strange man’s gaze. Upon getting closer, The Goliath began to recognize the man. It’s Dean Cole. He moved out a while ago. As He walked up to the gate, the heavy blockade slowly creaked open.

***

	After having a word with Dean, He strolled through the town to resupply. He checked his bag and only found a few coins in it. Pouring it out, He quickly summed up his money. He’s living on twenty-two coins. In the town, everything was a bit more expensive. He looked around for some food products until he finally stumbled across a bakery.
	This couldn’t possibly be as good as Xavié’s baking. He checked the price tag, finding it to be a hefty five coins for a piece. He was outraged.
	“Dost thou take me for a dullard? Five coins is absolutely abhorrent! Thy shams are inconceivably nitwitted. From whence I came, twas but two coins, and much better than this horse dung!” The Goliath bawled, enraged.
	“Oh, I wish! Thou speakest nonsense; there is no such thing as a two coin pastry. Havest thee lost thine wits? That isn’t even enough to pay my own rent!” the vendor did not let up easily.
	“I have lost my wits? Listen to thyself! If thou’rt sell this mulch to me for five coins, I shall slap thee o’er thy head for losing thine senses!” The Goliath was now growling at the baker. His irises turned red as He slowly closed in on the man.
	The man turned frigid. His face paled as The Goliath towered over him, menacingly. “I’ll do four coins! Only four coins!”
	The Goliath grumbled, “Nay, thou takest me for a fool. Unbeknownst to thee, thou art the fool.”


***

	Leaving the castle, He was once again introduced to the discordant, cold landscape. His legs felt heavy as if even his limbs wished him to stay. Why must we leave when there is haven to protect? His legs screamed.
Taking another stride, He felt his soles soldering to the Earth. His whole body was trembling, yet not from the cold, but from hatred. He willed his limbs to move as He departed home once again— in the name of vengeance. He looked at his hands, tainted with fresh blood once more.

“Art thou really doing this for revenge? Dost thou seekest to avenge thine neighbours, or dost thou wishest to wreak havoc among thine wrathful rampage?”

The Goliath snapped his head around, looking for the source of the voice. “Who fares thither? What business is it of thine to which thou shouldst make such mocking remarks?” The Goliath yelled blindly, “Steal away, for whom I kill is in the eyes of righteousness!”
“Thou art muchly misled. I am sorry, but thou art not what thou thinkst thou art. Thou’rt but blinded by anger. The Great Anus has admonished thee.” With that, the mysterious voice disappeared, fading into the bitter winds.

Teresa II

	After exiting math class, Teresa began walking towards her usual study place. The cool night breeze swept through her hair, alleviating her headache from the tedious class prior. The street lamps give off a dim glow, and moths gently bat their wings on the translucent glass.
	She stopped in front of a wooden bench. A lamp post gave spotlight to the bench as if it was deliberately watching over it. The lamp’s flame flickered and fluttered, casting beautiful shadows on the cobblestone paths.
	She pulled out her parchment, ready to start writing. She looked around, taking in the environment around her. Suddenly, she spotted something from the corner of her eye. Shifting her gaze, she realized that there was a guy on the ground. He had a bandaged arm and several scrapes on his body. His body lay face-down on the street. Teresa walked up to the unconscious guy to check on him.
	His limbs were strewn across the granite pavings, and the area around his ribcage had a noticeable bruise. The gentle breeze lightly swept his short, jet-black hair, slightly tousling it.
With all her strength, she managed to flip him on his back. His face was bruised and his glasses were shattered, it was as if he’d gotten himself into a fight. He looked to be her age, which was unusual. She had thought she was the only one in university.
	She tried to hoist him up, but it only ended up with her toppling over too. She quickly stood up again and fixed herself.
	She tried again and again, slowly making progress by dragging him across the pathway. Teresa apologized as she kept on bumping his head on the jagged cobblestone surface.
	Finally, she was able to prop his body up against the bench. She collapsed on the bench, fatigued form the ordeal. Her forehead glistened with sweat, and her shirt was now drenched. With one last effort, she managed to push the guy over the seat.
	A small tag suddenly popped out of his blazer. She picked it up. “Daniel -Failure- Zhu,” she read. She quickly pinned it back on.
	She then dusted her hands off, picked up her notebook, and promptly returned to her tasks, reimmersing herself in her notes. It was as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.

***

	This Daniel guy fell asleep again… Teresa thought. Having finished her notes, she gathered her things and prepared to leave. She looked back, concerned at the state in which he was in. Teresa had forgotten to ask him about his business here. Maybe he’s just a visitor. Daniel began grumbling in his sleep— about to wake up. Teresa awkwardly shuffled away, not knowing what to do if he had woken up again.

	She walked through the roads, focused on her own thoughts. Suddenly, something landed on her arm. She lifted her arm to see it and realized that it was a globule of water. More began falling from the sky, splattering onto her clothes.
	She began running, but she was still a mile away from her house.
	A figure appeared around the corner, abruptly stopping Teresa in her tracks. It was Daniel again. He handed her an umbrella. “You know there’s a shorter way to cross-campus, right?” Daniel said. He laughed sheepishly while attempting to gasp for breath.
	Teresa tried to stop him. “Wait, how did you—”
	“Gotta go!” cutting her off, Daniel sprinted away back the way he came. Soon, he disappeared into the darkness of night, as the streetlight candles dimmed behind him.

	Teresa was left with millions of questions.

***

	Teresa stared blankly out the window at the courtyard below. It had been two weeks since the incident, yet she had never seen that Daniel guy again thereafter.  She was mystified— in a way.
	Snapping back to attention, she realised that a carriage was trying to enter. After some discussion, the guards let them in.
	She panicked. I didn’t let this carriage in!
	Rushing down the stairs, she flung open the double doors, storming out. “Who is this? Who art thou to let a random stranger through the gates?”
	The guards apologized, “I apologize for the unnotified visitor, but I’ve been instructed to do so by upper command.”
	“And who is this upper command?” Teresa interrogated.
	A voice responded from the carriage, “It is I, Krapfen Fett, and you will be leading the crusades. Come anon, we don’t have much time.”

Daniel III

	The numbing winter ate away at Daniel as he wandered through the town. After failing the class, he was soon evicted from his dorm, forcing him to wander. Each night, he would stroll around the campus and rest on the same bench. Although, he never really sat on the bench but instead behind the backrest. The backrest would cast a dark, barred shadow over him, concealing him just enough to let the landscaping hide his presence.
	It was a lonely journey he had walked. Always longing for some company, he thought that he would feel less lonely upon studying next to a companion. When he met Teresa, he thought that his seclusion had ended, yet even then, he still felt the tremors of the unstable base on which all his ideals rested. Hence, after the first day, he never dared to show his face again.
He snapped out of his deep ponderance. He realized that he had unconsciously walked to the same spot again. He sighed.
	Daniel cupped his hands and blew some hot air onto his frozen fingers. Regaining his senses, he picked up his pencil, ready to write.
	The days had become colder, though he never really paid much attention. Scribbling on his own parchment, he reminisced. He had sacrificed so much to be here, yet now, he was living like a bum. He looked down at his papers. There was only so much he could teach himself. He peered over the hedges at the towering Behemothan infrastructure. He was there once.
	It was well into the evening, yet Teresa hadn’t come. Assuming that it was too cold that day, he started packing up.
	Suddenly, a stark silhouette moved through the shadows. He ducked. Looking up, he recognized a familiar figure.

	Teresa walked past the bench. She shifted her gaze his way. Thinking he had been spotted, he began to get up.
	She extended her hand towards the bench, patted it goodbye, and left. Daniel shrunk back into the bushes, realizing that his cover wasn’t blown. A letter dropped from Teresa’s binder, slowly drifting down until it hit the ground.
	Crouching, Daniel snuck over and retrieved the letter. It looked to have been already opened. Upon unsealing it, a parchment slipped out.
	Daniel picked it up from the ground. It read:

	Thou’rt to command’st the 15th battalion to push through the enemy gates of Northern Nebwahde Island. We shall reign victorious, and I shalt let this be thy honour.
Behemoth

	Utter hatred for The Behemoth welled up inside him. Retrieving his stuff from his regular spot, he dusted himself off and urgently headed towards the harbour. He was going to .

***

	A Behemothan Galley docked off the Behemothan harbor. Troops began rallying onto the vessel. “Eighty-first infantry company!” a woman shouted. Around two hundred footmen began making their way onboard. “Eighty-sixth riflemen company!” Another hundred soldiers carrying rifles began boarding.
	Watching from a nearby rooftop, Daniel’s gaze never left the ship. He had to get in somehow. Looking around, he saw an opportunity. A convoy of wheelbarrows rolled towards the ship, replenishing its provisions.
	“Halt! Gather ‘round, thou’rt to heed these words given by thine supreme commander!” a Behemothan general rallied the cargo loaders, beginning to preach his propaganda. This is my chance, Daniel figured.
	He dashed across the roof, leaping from the edge and dove into one of the hay wheelbarrows below. Crashing into the pushcart, making a thumping sound. Daniel quickly covered himself with the straw, attempting to blend in with the cargo. A Behemothan guard walked by, checking the shipment. Has he heard me? Daniel panicked.
	The Behemothan guard walked past his cart, sniffled, and promptly continued his patrol. Daniel sighed a sigh of relief.

	After a short while, the crewmen returned to their stations. Unsuspecting about anything, they began loading the supplies. The light suddenly dimmed as the wheelbarrow rolled into the ship. Daniel tensed, sensing that they were about to unload the barrow.
	Melting into the hay, he began burying himself deeper into the supplies. The crewman heaved the cargo into the ship, hurling Daniel into a stack of crates and bruising his back. A barrel landed on top of him, crushing his ribcage. A steel band jutted out, digging into his abdomen. Air was forced out of his lungs as he attempted to stifle his cry of agony.
	The footsteps slowly descended to silence as he lay in the haystack, motionless. He endured the pain for what felt like hours. The ship finally began to move, rocking him back and forth. Feeling like it was safe, he rolled the barrel off his chest. Finally able to move again, he shook off his temporary paralysis and began exploring the storage room. He could hear the waves smack against the hull as he moved.
	He shifted around, trying to navigate through the dense stacks of supplies.
	Creak.
	The trapdoor slid open, showing a dim beam of light through the ship’s deck. Daniel paused, looking at the entrance, anticipating a Behemothan soldier. A crewman stepped down into the storage area. Daniel hid behind a stack of crates, waiting.
	The crewman ploddingly traversed the area, away from Daniel. The man stepped deeper into the supplies, into the rear storage compartment.
	Picking up a dusty case, the man made his way out of the lower deck.
	Daniel breathed a sigh of relief but soon became curious. As soon as the man left, Daniel rushed to the spot, mystified by the case. Peering into the compartment the man was in, he suppressed a gasp. Weapons. They were weapons. Snatching a halberd from a nearby stand, he motioned a thrust, testing its craftsmanship.
	He sighed. They were but Behemothan weapons. The blade was dull, the metal was brittle, and the shaft was crude. He tossed it aside.
	He picked up another weapon, this time a shortsword, and studied it. The blade was sharp this time, but the edges were chipped. The iron had an excess carbon content, making it fragile. He gave a dejected sigh and threw it away the way he did with the halberd. The blade shattered on impact.
	He went through each weapon, testing them, but each one of them was dull and unhoned. Deciding to leave, he began walking towards the entrance, but his foot hit something hard. He looked down, spotting a walnut case.
	Picking it up, he examined the box. Delicate engravings were running through the sides, and golden rimmings illuminated the edges. Upon opening the clasp, intricate embroidery spilled out of the case, revealing a seamless mural. Silky flowers bloomed from the edges, lush leaves untwined from the winding stems, and tawny aardvarks roamed freely in the golden shimmer. In the middle stood a man. His face manifested ambition as he looked further down into the mural. Daniel unfurled the cloth more, as the cloth slowly wove into a tapestry. The scene darkened, showing a pit of darkness, dimming as the cloth reached its end.
	It was depicting a story, a story about good and evil, about the righteous powers and malevolent greed. He took a closer look at the man. He was bald. Only the sides of his scalp had hair— little follicles peppering his head. He looks awfully like that man— The Goliath. He still remembered him vividly, from when he fell from the skies, tumbling down like a frail corpse.
	He shook his head, waking himself from deep thought. He removed the cloth from the case, folding it into his pocket. Removing a layer of leather, he peeked inside the case.

 A pair of nunchucks beamed back at him, glimmering in the faint rays of sunlight shining through the floorboards. Complex etchings caved into the red maple shaft. Damascus bronze links chained the two batons together. The gilded caps flowed into the engravings, embellishing the staffs with gradual flickers of amber.
This was no Behemothan craftsmanship. He knew the Behemoth's flawed political system all too well. There was no incentive to even make a weapon like this, and their craftsmen were all risen from noble relations.
He gripped the hilts tighter, and got into a stance.
He swung the nunchucks, flailing the batons skillfully across the musty room. He had used this weapon before, when he was still training in the mountains.
The baton sheared through the air without resistance, gliding silently as it flew. The chains chimed softly as the batons twirled and twisted. Without a sense of time, he trained. Finally, drenched in sweat, he collapsed on the deck, exhausted from the hours-long session.
The caps clanked as he retracted the nunchucks. He packed the items back into the case and quickly left, bringing the case with him.
He opened the door from the weapons storage room when he suddenly heard voices coming from the central storage. He ducked, hiding behind a stack of crates. Peeking over the top, he saw two Behemothan footman, each with a bottle of rum. He quickly slid back down, not wanting to be spotted.
“Boss commands an entire company to hunt down one man! Pah! This man shan’t make it t’ill Christmas,” one of the guards snorted.
Intrigued, Daniel leaned closer.
“Dost not underestimate this man, for the Seventh Wynnguard Knight hath been felled by this man!” the second soldier exclaimed. “He is a formidable foe— The Goliath; he must be dealt with.” Upon hearing the name, Daniel choked on his spit in surprise.
The two soldiers abruptly fell silent.
Realising his mistake, Daniel held his breath, bracing himself against the crates. Fumbling with the case, he pulled out the nunchucks, ready for a fight.
“Who lurks thereon?” one shouted across the room, slowly stepping towards Daniel’s cover. The two footmen drew their swords, beginning to circle around the crates.
Daniel waited, tapping his fingers to the sound of their footsteps. They were approaching. The first soldier’s boot came into view. Daniel held his breath as the trooper stepped past him. The second footman came into view.
Daniel lunged at the second guy, wrapping the bronze chain around his throat. The commotion immediately alerted the first trooper, who quickly spun around.
The second footman tugged at the chain, attempting to break free. While Daniel was struggling with the garrote, the other Behemothan soldier had already begun advancing.
Knowing that he didn’t have enough time, he let go of the batons, releasing the chain. The first soldier tumbled to the ground, gasping for air. The first soldier was now within striking distance.
Freeing his grip, Daniel arched a baton at the soldier. The soldier tensed, attempting to block the blow. The chain caught onto his weapon, whipping the baton across his head. The metal cap bashed against the soldier’s helmet, cratering the outer shell.
The footman’s neck buckled, and his head crashed into a crate, buried in a bouquet of splinters.
Something shuffled behind Daniel. Sensing danger, he ducked, as an iron blade embedded itself into a sandbag behind him. Sand began leaking out of the sack. Daniel got an idea.
The soldier pulled the weapon out of the bag, preparing to strike again. The bag was now gushing sand. The Behemothan guard struck again, slashing his sword where Daniel once stood.
Daniel quickly dashed towards the sandbag. Grabbing a fistful of sand, he lobbed it at his opponent’s face. The soldier covered his face, screaming in agony as he clawed at his helmet. Dropping his sword, he desperately began trying to yank off his helmet, but to no avail. Blinded, the soldier stumbled towards him, swinging his arms maniacally at Daniel’s direction.
Daniel easily sidestepped the soldier’s pitiful attack. Picking up the dropped shortsword, he lanced the blinded man, piercing his gut from the back.
He left the blade in, leaving the soldier to suffer.
Daniel walked over to check on the first trooper. Flipping the corpse around, Daniel was repulsed by the gruesome sight in front of him.
A large bloody splinter sprouted from the helm’s ocularium, and blood oozed along the body’s neck.
Picking up a crate, Daniel quickly covered the grotesque image with a pile of hay.
Acknowledging that it’s safe, Daniel collapsed in exhaustion. It was all silent in the ship, and the sunlight from the floorboards had disappeared. Daniel drifted off to sleep, as the second trooper, half-dead, gargled blood in the otherwise silent cabin.


Ricardo IV

	“They are dead; it has been four days since they have left. Four days,” Ricardo pointed out, clearly distressed.
	Facing him was the commander of the Third Royal Corps, who was left behind to hold the city. Daniel firmly believed that they were making a mistake. The field army left little defensive garrisons in the fort. Daniel knew these circumstances, and a decisive attack could lead to the fall of their royal capital. As he pleaded with the general, his efforts became more and more futile.
	“Thou’rt such a nuisance. I have already sent thee off! The royal army shalt have the invaders dealt with. Off with thine arse, stealeth away!” the commander yelled, vexed.
	“Thou dost not understand, the Behemothan army outnumbers us a thousand to one! The Southern port has already been swarmed by their coalitions, their ranks make seas of pikes. Even if the royal army survives the first night, they will surely perish by the second.” Ricardo was now in a fright. If— no— when their army is defeated, there will be no obstacle in the way of the Behemothan army.
	A messenger suddenly busted through the door. “Sir Distler III, the invaders hath made it a mile out our walls! The Royal Army is nowhere to be seen. Course of action, sire?”
	The commander slammed his fist on the table out of frustration. “Dastards! They must have flanked the frontlines!” Ricardo took a moment to process the information.
	“Sir, they emerged from the valley, they did not flank us, the Royal Army hath fallen,” Ricardo insisted, desperately trying to convince the commander.
	“Thou utter rubbish, we shalt dispatch them at once!” the commander rose from his chair. “Gather the troops. We shall destroy these invaders. Let us march on Dodseye before Christmas!” The commander promptly left, leaving Ricardo befuddled by what just happened.
	The room was soon left deserted. Slowly, Ricardo realised that the city’s last troops were going to be slaughtered. Ricardo rushed out of the doors, running towards the wooden gates. The residence lined up as their army marched out onto the fields.
	Ricardo gazed at the landscape, as their army marched towards the horizon, slowly…
	Just then, a row of pikes peeked over the rolling hills, slowly emerging from the sunken clouds. The soldier’s cry in alarm as the Behemothan army marched over the horizon. Their army slowly advanced towards the small trooping party of Liatheyll.
	The townsmen watched as the army began to face one another in a standoff.

A command broke the still atmosphere of the battlefield. A charge order was issued.

	The residents looked on in horror as the Liatheyll soldiers charged into the ranks of Behemtohan pikemen.
	The Behemothan ranks lowered their pikes, slowing the soldiers’ advances to a halt. Swinging their swords and spears, their attacks were useless. The Behemothan pikemen began herding the Liatheyll soldiers like sheep, rounding them together.
Then, the Behemothan army acted. They quickly encircled the Liatheyll troops, enveloping them in a wall of pikes. Then, they began fighting. The Behemothans slowly crushed the defending group. Having nowhere to go, the soldiers desperately clashed against the wall of pikes, impaling themselves on Behemothan black steel.
	Soon, the Liatheyll soldiers’ corpses littered the battlefield. The cold and lifeless bodies stacked upon each other. Half of the soldier’s had already died.
The commander, Sir Distler, atop his high horse, manifested a face of horror as the Behemoth mercilessly slaughtered his men. Suddenly, an arrow sprouted out of his neck.
He staggered back, bearing a shocked expression. Then, he fell. He tumbled off the horse, making a loud cl. the Liatheyll banner touched t
The onlookers were disturbed at the scene. Their commander was killed so easily.
As the general fell, the soldiers fell into chaos. Some tried desperately running, lashing out at the Behemothan troops. Some stood to fight, just to have their ranks broken by their own comrades. Dead bodies littered the ground as the chaos ensued.
The second half of the soldiers were now dead.

Goliath VII

	What does one seest in vengeance? Why would one sell their own soul, only to take one another? Yet He did. He bathes in the blood of enemies— endowed with holy strength. Ah, Paddle ‘o Arthur, lend me thy strength, for I have forsworn mine own— to do what is righteous…

	Snow drifted on the frail grasslands, floating the light green waves. Bestrewn over the Earth were bales of hay, bristling in the wind.
	Small huts poked out from the meadows, enriching the hills with a warm glimmer. Seas of windmills twirled in the light breeze, synchronously
The path was crusted with a thin layer of ice, glistening faint sparkles, meandering through the windtorn landscape.
Weathered boulders jutted sporadically out of the grass, rolling with the gentle hills.
	The Goliath hiked day and night, moving through the countryside landscape. He had hiked for three days already. Rain dripped down on his tattered clothes, darkening it with blotches of water.
	The light drizzle woke him from his perpetual daze, making him walk a little faster.

As the path snaked through the lands, two lonely peaks jutted from the gradual slopes. One slightly arched over another, creating a crescent-like structure. The other mountain waxed into the rocks of the first, almost carving into the waning cliffs. The Marred Peaks of Neodeus.
The lone peaks towered above the relaxed hills, blending into the mountainous ranges and sticking out into the ocean.
A formation of colossal stone horns ramped into the center of the mountain, wrapping around the base, binding unto it like rings.
As The Goliath trekked towards the peaks, the bubbly countryside lights faded. The sun broke through the clouds, scattering a pleasant luminous light through the viridescent green. A gold gradient banded the plains into sunlight swirls.
Secluded from the chaos of the world, The Goliath inhaled a breath of cold air. Step by step, He slowly approached the foot of the mountain.
As He passed the ravine of the first ring of mountains, the air around him shifted. Something was wrong. Terribly wrong.

 The early-december atmosphere grew heavy as fog began enveloping his body.
A vortex cloud structure began centralizing itself between the peaks, and the aura of the mountain condensed into stormy clouds. Soon, the entire region was surrounded by thick clouds. Wind began tearing away at the ground, and lightning cracked down upon the Earth. The Goliath realized that this was no normal mountain— this was a trial.

***


Southern winds blow o’er these god forsaken peaks.
In the Holy hand’s place, another god hath risen.
He clung unto his reign— a fearmonger in paranoia.
As his corpse rotted on his withering throne, he forged his trials.
The trials of the new god—
The Trials of Neodeus.

***
It was snowing again. Storms laid waste upon the lands, pulling the high winds down to the Earth. Jagged peaks whistled in the air as sharp rock cleaved through the thin air.
	Bracing the storm, The Goliath trudged through, unhindered.
	Mist coiled around his feet, and dense fog blinded The Goliath. Flakes of snow zipped across the skies, chipping at The Goliath’s skin. Sharp pain ran through his arms as the snow slowly turned to small fragments of hail.
	Claps of thunder rang through the sky; flashes of lightning snaked through the clouds as the vortex wove the dark shadows into one.
	Torment was brought upon He— the skies deliver penance once more.

***

	The Goliath walked the narrow cliff sides, slowly making his way up through the path. Feet ahead of him was obscured by the veils of murk. The Goliath’s shoes were now torn into bits on the spearheaded pebbles. Suddenly, the path ahead of him turned into a sheer cliff. He skidded to a stop, halting his hike. Looking around, he had realized that the path broke off.
	Where the ledges used to extend were replaced with fragments of sediment piled down in the distant base of the mountain.
	The fog covered the other side, curtaining him from the path ahead. He took a deep breath. Pulling out his knife, He dug it into the rocky cliffsides, bashing the sharp tip deep into the limestone. The rock caved easily to The Goliath’s strength. He extended his right hand and swung his fists into the rock. The force of his punch shattered the cliffside once more— his knuckles cratering the stone. Gradually, He was gaining power.
	He pulled out his knife and stretched his arm over his head. Again, He bashed the knife into the cliffside, tightening his grip.
	Then, he swung from the anchored blade, bashing his right fist into the rocks again.
	Inching away from the starting ledge, his view of it soon disappeared too. Now, He was just hanging from the cliffside. He felt himself slowly being fatigued with no sign of the other side.
	With no sense of direction, He only knew to inch right, one swing after another.

Ten more minutes passed. The Goliath was barely moving. Every muscle ached as He hung from the mountain. His grip began to loosen— his strength waning. Still not seeing a trace of a path, hope began to fade…
But suddenly, for a split second, the storm let up a bit, unveiling the path. His determination rekindled within him. He lifted himself and tautened his grasp. Pain shot up his forearms, making his face contort with agony.
He lunged towards the finish line, laughing in the face of death. Finally, He latched onto the edge of the cliff, pulling himself up.
Up on the edge of the cliff, He rested still. He laid there, face down, crying with glee as glamorous sunlight bathed upon him. The storm was completely gone now, restored to wondrous rays of joy. This was the first smile He had since the day of Behemoth’s raid.

He rolled over, propping himself up with his arms. Looking around, He realised that the weather had become normal again. The storm ceased, and the flakes of snow lost force, drifting slowly to the ground. From the frozen cliffs, there grew a tree— its crimson leaves swaying in the wind.
Light shadows danced in the ever-lively haven. ‘Though frozen peaks and storm rage around this god forsaken place, a small pocket of light still stood.
The Goliath collapsed under the tree and closed his eyes. The dancing lights slowly faded into darkness, as He placed himself under a deep slumber. For a week, He had neither sleep nor rested. His body gradually collapsed into a fetal position, as the anguished world cried to him, begging that He wake…

***

	A man sat atop a golden throne. He sat still and with his eyes closed, twitching and contorting his face ever so slightly. His throat let out a low rumble. Tensing, his lips curled into a thin smile. That lowly creature… He mused.
	He opened his eyes. His irises flashed a steely blue— his veins crawling up his eyes. He walked through the chamber— past the granite columns carved from the mountain itself.
	“I AM THE ONE TRUE GOD,” he wailed, “THOU JEST. I SHALL SMITE THEE AS A BUG.”
	He lashed out at a nearby column, disintegrating it into a dark powder. He was trembling with rage now. His eyes turned manic red, and veins bulged out of his forehead.
	His heavy breath echoed through the dark chambres.

Daniel IV

	The cabin shuttered; small splinters fell from the ceiling. The floorboards creaked as the ship slowly lurched to a stop. Daniel tossed and turned restlessly in his sleep.
	A drop of water trickled through the floorboards, slowly slipping down. Making its way along the ceiling, its hold of the ceiling began to become weak. The water condensed into a globule, and it plummeted down towards the slumbering Daniel.

	A cold, sharp sensation pierced Daniel’s temples. Daniel jerked up in alarm. The cabin was still dark, and the gurgling of the trooper stopped. Shouting rang from the deck above, and footsteps shook the ceiling. Aware that something was wrong, he quickly began towards the ladder, but he paused. They will spot me if I go up now. I need a disguise.
Thinking quickly, he began looking through the hay for the corpse. Finding the soldier’s body, he began removing the armor. He unbuckled the chestplate, strapping it around his own torso. Then, he began removing the leg pads. He secured the shin pads, and promptly moved to the knee pads. Soon, he was fully armored from the neck.
He looked at the dead man, who was now in normal clothing. All that was left was the helmet. He pulled out the splinter. Dry blood dyed the fibers of the splinter, giving the sharp end a dark hue. Daniel quickly threw it away, not wanting to stare at it for any longer. He gripped the helm and yanked the helm off. He examined it. Blood smeared over the eyehole’s, glazing the steel with leaden blood.
This won’t do. Daniel thought. The blood on the helm would be a clear giveaway. Discarding it, he strode to the other body. Blood marks flowed down the fallen soldier’s body. The sword still stuck from his gut, and the armor was completely fractured. However, the helmet was still in pristine condition. Daniel took it off the man’s head. Under the helmet was a man who looked to be in his early twenties. His shaggy hair was bushy and coarse as if he’d not been shaved for months.
	Blood tainted his beard, dyeing his face red. Hairs stuck onto the helmet, glued to the metal by the crimson-colored liquid.
	Daniel gagged at the sensation scene. He looked into the barrel of the helm; a horrid stench escaped from the innards, discombobulating him.
	He reverted to the other helmet, finding it a better option, but the blood marks were too evident. He looked around the storage, looking for anything to clean the helm. A crate suddenly slid from the shelves, crashing down from the shelves, spilling its contents. They were bottles of rum. Daniel picked one up. This will do, he thought.
	He poured it over the eyehole and started scrubbing it with his shirt. The bloodstains gradually dissolved into the rum.
	He put it on. It smelled like rum. The helmet clamped his head, lacing around his temples and forehead. His head throbbed due to the tightness. Behemothans have really small heads.

	Now fully geared, he made his way out the trapdoor.

	Crawling out of the ship's stores, he was met by the bustling lower deck. Oarsman lined up in rows, moving back and forth. Behemothan troops patrolled around the laborers, keeping them under surveillance.
	A gruff voice boomed across the deck,“Oi, Dick, don’t you think I haven’t seen ya slackin’. Get up there— ship’s about to dock— lest I beat yer arse up these stairs.”
	Daniel peered at where the voice came from. “Ay, chap, did ye hear what I said?” Daniel realised that the guy was talking to him. He nodded.
	“Where’s the other one?” the guy asked. He was scruffy— and kind of short.
 Daniel gave him a perplexed look. “By the name of Behemoth, are ye even awake? Yer chap, Collins? I’ve seen the pair o’ yez, I ain’t blind, Dick.” By then, Daniel had guessed that this “Collins” was probably the second soldier.
Daniel cleared his throat, mustering his deep, gruffy voice. “Aye, he shalt come forth shortly.”
“And I shalt have his arse if it takes him a minute more,” the scruffy man said. Daniel stood there, not daring to move, thinking the man had more to say.
“Well, why are ye still here? Off ye go, chap! I shall see yer on the shores.” Daniel nodded, then quickly fled to the upper deck.

The midnight breeze greeted Daniel as he emerged on the deck. He looked around. Hundreds of ships swarmed the dock, each flying the Behemothan flag. He looked at the land in which they were docking at. A sudden realization dawned on him. They docked at his village.
This was what Xavié had meant. Ranks of Behemothan soldiers made their way up the docks. The flow of the soldiers’ march was endless, the rows of spears and bayonets stretched endlessly across the valley..
More siege towers slugged through the village, and enormous war engines populated what used to be homes.
Daniel collapsed on his knees— in grief and regret. If only he had known. The plank lowered, and the soldiers began boarding the changed shores of Nebwahde.

***

You had so much power, yet you weren’t able to save them. Come back to me, and thou shalt see true power. Her lips curled into a cruel smile.




Teresa III

	“Twenty-first infantry battalion!” a general yelled over the troops. “Musketeer cohort! Move to position!” The landscape was now bustling with moving troops. From her siege tower, she oversaw her troops, peppering the landscaping as masses of glistening black armour shifted around, preparing for the siege.
	The trebuchets began moving towards the fort, and carriages of black powder barrels slowly flowed into the mass army surrounding the fort. 18 pounder artillery lined the bottom of the forts. More bores and logs were being transported to the front rows, and more bombards slowly appeared in the vast crowd.
	In the midst of the crowd was the fort. People patrolled the walls, waiting for the siege to begin, but the small garrison was not even near enough to stop the Behemothan Royal Field Army.
	A messenger appeared from the tower. “Thine highness, thou art to proceed with the siege by the dawn of the next day.”
	“Tell her we need more time for negotiations,” Teresa replied.
	“Nay, not one of our ambassadors have even been let into their gates. They are not to be reasoned with. Let us just crush the enemy force. Let this be swift and clean,” the messenger advised.
	“Why dost thou try to galvanize war? Dost the ideas of such atrocities excite thee? I request another day, deliver my word,”  Teresa demanded of the messenger.
	The messenger grimaced. “Thou dawdle more, and thou may just be deposed from thine position.”
	“One more day— tell them,” Teresa ordered. The messenger departed with her word.
	Just one more day…

For the rest of the day, she waited pensively for the news. Soon, the sun set behind the rolling hills. The messenger still did not return.

Teresa went for a walk. It was now the midst of night. Torchlight from the Behemothan tents and braziers illuminated the darkness of night. Behemothan guards patrolled the area, securing the encampment. Not wanting to attract attention, she flung a hood over her head. She navigated through the crowd, hurriedly rushing to the front.
Eventually, she stumbled out of the crowd. At the front were More Behemothan siegetowers, and
heavy battering rams lined up in a row— the wind brandishing its iron heads. She picked up a nearby wall torch and started towards the hill crest. She snuck swiftly past the guards, trying to minimize her presence. A group of guards stood at some tents, glancing at her and murmuring among themselves. This isn’t good, Teresa thought.
She quickly turned a corner, trying to elude the suspicious guards.
“Perchance we shouldst follow her,” she overheard, “she’s not even in uniform. It couldst be enemy espionage!” The guards started in her direction. Not wanting to draw attention to herself, she slid into the shadows of one of the towering trebuchets.
“Where did she go?” the Behemothan soldiers began scouring the area. Teresa slowly began tiptoeing away from them. Suddenly, one of the Behemothan guards began wandering towards her. Teresa peeked over the machine, spectating the Behemothan guard carefully. Suddenly, the Behemothan soldier’s head craned towards her direction. Teresa immediately ducked down. The soldier paused for a moment; there was a moment of silence.
“Must’ve been the wind,” the guard muttered to himself. Teresa resumed her journey towards the hill crest.
Upon reaching the top, she peered over the hill. On the opposite hill, the fortress perched on top of a suburban sprawl— enclosed by a wooden wall only four hundred yards away. She wouldn’t know though. She didn’t even know what a yard was.
Finally acknowledging the situation, she began her way back towards the general’s encampment; she didn’t make it far until she was in trouble again.
Blockading the path from where she came where the group of Behemothan patrolman, likely on higher guard now. Realizing that it wasn’t possible to get through, she decided to take a detour.
Sticking to the shadows, she began a slow journey, inching closer and closer to her battle tower.
Behemothan soldiers were scattered everywhere, and battalions of Behemothan soldiers marched on whatever clearing there was. As she reached the heart of the army, even more Behemothan troops walked the grounds. She finally reached the gate, but the gatekeeper stopped her.
“Halt! Identify thineself!”
Teresa had the sudden realization that she had forgotten to remove her hood. She took the hood off, revealing her face. The guard’s eyes widened. “When hast thee snuck out? The army patrolmen scoured the area for thee! Dost not—”
The guard was cut off by a new voice, “A message, thine highness. Krapfen Fett has responded.” The guard stepped aside to reveal the messenger.
“Thou’rt to attack at nightfall. T’is the most she shalt do for thee. T’is final, the troops shalt act on their own,” the messenger affirmed.
Teresa gave not a word. She walked past the gate, returning to her quarters. As the dawn of the next day broke, a timer of twelve hours had begun.

***

One’s greatest weakness always derives from one’s own fault, and one’s mightiest strength is but one’s self-delude.

The sun rained light upon the grass once again. The winds blew south over the tranquil fields, creating ripples of light that crashed through the grand sea of blades. Amidst the lands, she saw the castle again. The people inside worked tirelessly to try to stop the siege. Teresa could see the people, as small as specs of dust, moving around, labouring away to defend the city.
She watched the fortress from atop her tower, spectating it from afar. Hours passed. She was waiting for the cue now.
The rest of the day went; she studied to pass time. When she looked up from her paper, the sun had begun to set. She ignited her lantern, hooking it up to the ceiling. She continued studying, but she couldn’t focus. Putting the pen down, she stormed outside for a walk.
Lantern in hand, she traversed the path that she did the day before. This time, she quickly slipped into the shadows. The Behemothan guards bore no attention to her.
She snuck along side the thin forestry bordering their camp, hoping to evade detection. Finally, she made it to the crest once again. She looked at the town, and then the dimming sunlight in the West. It was almost time.
Lantern light flickered around her as she looked at the Northern City of Liatheyll.

Suddenly, a Behemothan soldier grabbed her by the shoulder, startling her.

“Dost not got forth with this, thou knowest better.”

She looked at the Behemothan soldier, bewildered. “What dost thou know?” she asked. She began tearing up, “thou’rt to fight. That is thy order.”
Teresa looked into the Behemothan soldier’s helm. The eyes looked familiar…
The Behemothan soldier took off his helmet. “I implore thee.”

On the verge of tears, Teresa stared at the man standing before her. “Daniel, I—”
As if on cue, the first shot rang through the night sky.

Ricardo V

The sky was dark; only the moon brought forth light. The mellow winds blew over the peaceful hills. Farm fields sprawled across the vast open land. The tall, unperturbed grass swayed in the breezes of chilly night winds.
	Fireflies buzzed around, flaring their warm-green lights synchronously with the rolls of sage-green willows.
	A windmill would emerge once in a while from the fuzzy earth mounds, twirling in the gentle winds.
	Small accumulations of rain spotted the ground, reflecting a distinct glow in the face of the moon.
	But under the glowing night sky, the people of the city worked tirelessly, fearing the prospect of an inevitable Behemothan invasion.
	“Get the rocks up the walls! We need cauldrons and wood! Keep the water boiling!” Ricardo shouted as he heaved another pallet of logs over his shoulder.
	The city came alive as people shouted over each other, scrambling to help fortify the castle. The people were exhausted but nonetheless determined.
	While he was walking to the walls, he spotted Dean, hurriedly going the opposite direction. “Hello Dean, how fare ye?” Richard asked, though he knew it wasn’t really the time. Dean responded, “We’ve just formed a generals clique. We’re formalizing a defensive plan.”
Ricardo dropped the pallets. “Let me go too, I must hear this.”
The two ran across the fields in haste to the meeting room. The clock hit midnight as they arrived; the church bells began ringing simultaneously. Dean led the way into a tavern, and Ricardo followed through the door.
The lamps were dim inside, and the people’s faces were sunken with grief. The shouting from the outside could still be heard through the windows.
“What haveth we come up with so far?” Dean question. The others shook their heads in despair. “There is no way to stop them now,” a man replied, “their troops well-surpass ours, and our militia isn’t even trained! They will break through the gates in minutes!”
“They don’t even need to break down the gates! Their bombards will crush our walls before our obsolete shortbows even get to range!” another chirped.
Ricardo refused to believe such news. “There must be a way,” Ricardo insisted vigorously, “We have the high ground; we’ll just retreat to the inner walls!”
“Havest thee not thought that we would have pondered so?!” a man yelled hysterically, laughing and crying at the same time, “Their weapons outrange us by hundreds of yards! They have black powder that can wipe out entire continents!”
“Do we not have our own?” Ricardo question.
“HA! You're funny,” exclaimed someone from the back. Ricardo, not being the brightest, had no more ideas.
Ricardo tore himself away from the conversation, looking out at the field of long grass. All seemed quiet in that overgrown field. Suddenly, a man emerged from the grass, only a few yards away from the window, startling Ricardo. He silently cursed the guy, but then he got an idea.
Ricardo pushed himself out of the chair, slamming the table, getting everyone’s attention. “We sabotage their supplies. Their stocks of black powder charges are beyond count. What if we light them before they get to our walls?”
“Thou’rt foolish, there is nothing but lawn in between us and their encampment. How dost thou propose that we even get close to that black powder?” one of the people objected. The others nodded in agreement.
“The ‘lawn’ that thou so speak of has been unattended since the start of time,” Ricardo retorted, “Those blades can fully conceal an eight foot giant!”
“T’is not impossible— wait, who art thee? I do not remember thine face,” said one of the militia officers. Another officer intervened.
“Perchance t’is not of our concern. Welcome to the party, thou’rt now a partisan of this god-forsaken Oligarchy, if that’s how the people look at it…” He trailed off mid speech, distracted by the moth flying around the lights.
The other man snorted, “There goes old man, drifting off once again.” He fixated his attention back to Ricardo. “If thou art so vehement about thine suicide mission, then maybe thou shouldst lead.”
Ricardo straightened himself again. “Then t’is settled.” The man nodded.
“If anyone wants to endure the same fate as thee, then thou mayest take them,” called the old man as Ricardo left.
“Wait,” Dean called; he quickly caught up to Ricardo, “Why leave now? Leave at dawn, get some sleep.”
Ricardo laughed at Dean’s words.
“What’s so funny?” asked Dean.
“Comrade, it is dawn.”
Dean and Ricardo looked up as the red sun in the sky slowly rose from the rolling hills, illuminating the skies into a brilliant rose.

***

	Ricardo packed his provisions. Though it should have only been a walk of five hundred yards, he would have to exit through the North gate— the only place with no enemy since it was bordered by water.
Ricardo had to travel along the port until he was outside the city, and then he had to sneak through the long grass and shrubbery until he got to the main Southmost encampment and set a fuse to the black powder.
After camouflaging his coolie hat with grass, he was ready.
His recently-acquired leather sack was stuffed with provisions and tools, mainly consisting of his lunch, oil, a flambeaux, and a flint and steel.
Dean found him exiting the city. “Dost not do this, Ricardo, it is almost suicide. Even if thou sneak’st past the towers, thou shalt be felled by thy own bombs! At the very least, allowest me to come with thee.”
“Nay. T’is like thou has said: ‘it is almost suicide.’ I shalt not let another die with me if that be the case, but allowest me to go. T’is the only chance we have. We are all expendable.”
With that, Ricardo left to do the impossible.

***

	He knew not when the Behemothan army was to attack— he only knew that he must get there as fast as he could. Bit by bit he had inched closer, slowly approaching his target. Looking up from the foot of the hill, he could see the first siege engines clearly now. It had almost been a full day by the time he got there.
Staying in the untrimmed grass, he began crawling up the hill, staying as low as he could. Night began to fall, and his figure became even more concealed. By the time he reached the top, it was almost completely dark. He lurked under the shadows of the forestry, looking for the black powder barrels. It was easy to spot from afar, but difficult to find now that he was on ground level.
While sneaking around, Ricardo bumped into something. It clanged like metal.
Slowly, Ricardo craned his head up. His face turned pale as he realized that it was the armor of a Behemothan soldier. Ricardo started bolting away as fast as he could.
The Behemothan soldier grabbed him by the ear, pulling him back effortlessly. He picked Ricardo up and dashed deeper into the forest.
Ricardo protested while slumped over the guard’s shoulder, “Thou couldst have just killed me. What means of this?”
The guy suddenly spoke, “Shut thine noisy arse, I’m on thy side.” Ricardo was confused.
Once they got far enough from the encampment, the soldier set him down. He took off his helmet, revealing his face.
	“Oh hey it’s Daniel,” Ricardo piped up. The other Behemothan troops snapped their heads towards the forest, fixing their glare to the shrubbery around Ricardo.
	Daniel smacked Ricardo on the head and tackled him down. “Imbecile! Hast thee learned to whisper?”
	Ricardo rubbed his head in pain, complaining, “Thou couldst have been more cordial with thine greeting, it hath certainly been a while.”
	Daniel’s head suddenly perked up. He looked back down at Ricardo, “I presume thou art to set fire to the black powder supply. Let me try to make peace first. I know the general.” Daniel was staring into Ricardo’s soul.
	“Thou hast no right to speak, not after when thou hast forsaken us. Thou reek of the Behemoth.”
	With that, Ricardo bolted away, drawing the flambeaux from his belt, rushing towards the Behemothan camp. Looking back, he saw Daniel— putting the helmet back on his head.

	Ricardo snuck around the tents, looking for the black powder stock he had seen on the watchtower earlier. Navigating towards the siege engines, he saw the payload. Barrels, barrels of explosives— beyond grief, beyond sorrow— beyond what was fathomable.
	The skies were completely dark now, as the last hint of light slipped into total darkness. Ricardo pulled out the fuse. It was only ten meters long. He had only a mere thirty seconds to escape. He oiled the flambeaux. Taking out his flint and steel, he sparked it next to the torch. The cloth quickly caught on fire. He threw it on the fuse and dashed.
	He looked back as the fuse quickly crawled up the rope towards the barrels. Suddenly, a loud bang echoed through the hills. Ricardo looked back, but his fuse was still going.
	Ricardo began running back to the city as more explosions rang out in spontaneity.

Slowly, he realized what the sounds were. Cannonfire. The siege had begun.



Enrique I

	Enrique wandered on the streets of the city. Ah, the Liatheyll streets, he thought to himself. The bustling city center was crowded with markets and tall stone buildings. He looked around, but the hood he was wearing covered his vision.
	T’is fine, he thought. He quickly snatched a croissant and strode away. The store clerk, who had his back turned against him, didn’t see the theft.
	“Oi! Get thine sneaky arse back here!”
	The guards were on him. A smile began to curdle on his lips. He sprung up into the air and tucked his legs in. Now dropping, he took a sitting position in mid air.
	He pounded the ground, creating cracks around the area in which he landed. The pain came after, making him scream in agony. He had sat on his left nut. Just when the guards were about to catch up to him, the gas pouches on his pants activated, reacting as a lethal whoopie cushion.
	The patrolmen collapsed unconscious on the ground next to him, who was now clenching his balls.

***

	He sat in his cell, waiting to be released. The guards had caught him, and now he was locked for three days until his court trial. Today was his last. The day had gone dark now. He looked out the bars, but was surprised to see that all the guards were gone.
	He looked at the iron bars that kept him trapped. Pulling out his studious grin once again, he knew what must be done.
	The bars were wide, a little too wide. He began trying to slip past the barrier. He relaxed his body, and he melted through the bars.
	Swiftly, he snuck out.
	The air was dense, as if impending doom was approaching. He snuck into the grass, crouching below the leafy blades.
	He peeked his head out after walking a distance. In front of him was a tavern. A man sat inside staring out the window. Enrique thought he’d been spotted. Dusting off his pants, he abruptly stood up, startling the guy at the window.
	Enrique walked past the building, acting as normally as he could. Hopefully that worked, he thought.
	People were scattered around in the bustling streets, and even when it was past midnight, the city was still breathing. Enrique was confused. Suddenly, a man bumped into him. “Ay kid, if yer arse isn’t going to help with the defense, then I suggest you not be an impediment either.” With that, the guy left, carrying a crate of rocks with him.
	The situation slowly dawned on Enrique, realizing that he was about to be in the middle of a warzone.

Daniel V

The first shot rang through the night sky.

“This isn't me,” said Teresa. Her face was blank— almost puzzled. More cannon fire followed the first, lighting up one after another.

“I know this isn’t you,” replied Daniel. He put his hand on her shoulder. “Dost not fall for the Behemoth’s game. Thou’rt but a cog in her plans; it is she who gets the final say.”
“I hath brooked sin to manifest,” Teresa muttered under her breath, “and I shalt commit to it, for there is no turning back.”
The second barrage of cannonfire rained down on the fortress. Teresa’s voice was drowned out. The Behemothan soldiers marched past the weapons, heading towards the fort.
She moved her mouth, looking like she was trying to say something, but nothing came out. Then, silence.
“Too late,” she squeaked through her raspy voice. Her irises flashed purple now, staring into Daniel’s soul. “The world shalt be devoured by She.”
Daniel was stunned. He looked to the fortress— its walls already battered. “Teresa, thou mustn't do this. Think of who thou were before. Think of the warm glow of the lamps at night—”
“...that shalt be replaced by the glow of a burning wreck.”

BOOM

A loud explosion caught Daniel’s attention. More explosions set off, chaining the first, louder and louder, faster and faster.
Daniel realized what had happened. Ricardo had set the black powder alight.
Acting on instinct, Daniel quickly climbed up a rock. He looked back. Teresa was still in a daze, staring at the flames— her eyes glowing purple. He climbed more. Reaching the top of the boulder, he looked down at the hills.
The marching soldiers at the crest of the hill were replaced with an inferno. Explosions were still setting off, the chain of explosions was slowly approaching their position, and soldiers engulfed in fire blindly stumbled around, disoriented.
	Daniel ran down from the rock, just in time to shield Teresa as the black powder behind her was set alight. All of a sudden, Daniel was engulfed in flames.
	The flames wrapped around him, dancing as he tried to walk out of the sea of flames, shielding Teresa from the scorching heat. His skin was slowly charred by the embers, and his eyes were seared by the boiling temperatures.
	He hugged Teresa tightly, attempting to navigate through the burning debris. He looked down at her face. She was still unconscious.
	Daniel took a sigh of relief, but looking around, he suddenly questioned: how am I still alive?
	He looked at his exposed hands. Ashes and soot covered his palms, and skin peeled off of his fingers, all charred. Slowly, he came to a horrid realization. He was going to be cooked in these fires, slowly boiled to death.
	He shook his head, distracting himself from the image of such a gruesome scene. He trudged on, but tripped on something. Looking down, he saw the head of a Behemothan soldier, burnt to a crisp, his face morphed beyond recognition. With that, he understood. These aimless souls had not a dream. They have lost the will to live— but I hath not, and I shalt push on.
	With that, he willfully moved himself forward.
	The metal glowed under the intense heat, and he could see nothing but bright flashes of orange and red in front of him. He was drenched with sweat and beset by the fiery pain, but he believed, for he who believes is the disciple of He, and He shall bear pain for his disciples.

	His prayers were answered. He stumbled out of the sea of fire, crashing into a damp bush. Loosening his arms, he released the delicate Teresa out of his grasp. He squirmed out of the chestplate and threw it aside. The metal sizzled in the damp grass patches.
	Daniel carried Teresa to a nearby tree and propped her up against the trunk of a nearby Oak. Daniel stared back at the fortress begrudgingly.
	Ricardo, I shalt whoop thine arse unto Monday for thine stupidity. With one last look at Teresa’s frail figure, he disappeared into the grass, heading towards the fortress.

Goliath VIII

The mountain towered before He, the Goliath, who was halfway to the mountain, nearing the vortex of the storm. The gravel path crunched beneath his feet— the sound echoing loudly off the liminal space.
On either side of the path were ruins, almost one after another, sprawling on endless canyons, valleys, and ridges. A past cataclysm.
Something nudged the Goliath’s shoe. When He looked down, he instantly recoiled. It was a skull. It was then he acknowledged his surroundings. Hundreds of skeletons— some with their clothes and armor still on— littered the ruins. This wasn’t just a disaster, this was a massacre.
He ripped his gaze from the scene. The Goliath had sensed movement from behind. Slowly, he unsheathed his blade. The blade had been badly damaged, chipped and scratched when the Goliath dug it into the mountain side. This blade won’t last.
That’s when he saw the source of the movement. Two armored skeletons rose, assembling itself from the scattered bones. One picked up a rusty flail from the ground, while the other picked up a small shield and a sarissa; both manifested deadly glares— their eyes beginning to glow.
Without warning, the skeletons dashed at the Goliath. One swung its flail at the Goliath, who narrowly dodged the strike. The other skeleton came in with the sarissa. The Goliath threw his knife at the skeleton, and it instantly disintegrated into gray dust. The flailman stood alone now, but the Goliath no longer had a weapon in hand.
The skeleton swung at the Goliath once more; this time, the Goliath did not react fast enough. The flail struck his ribs with full force, forcing the air out of his lungs. He staggered back, trying to catch his breath.
The skeleton attacked again, but this time, the flail connected with his skull. The Goliath tumbled into a nearby boulder, unable to retaliate. Miraculously, he was still alive. Why have I not perished? The Goliath had assumed himself dead.
He checked his pocket. In there was a ripped packet of golden dust. The Goliath suddenly remembered. Twas the Stardust. It had been some time since He had seen celestial ointment he’d concocted in his workstation. The Stardust began to glow.
Soon, the glow surrounded the Goliath, enveloping him in a mighty shimmering light. The Goliath recalled how he’d gotten the Stardust. Since that night, He’d almost lost himself…

***

The Goliath gasped, jerking awake in a cold sweat. Vast grasslands surrounded him, each blade of grass dimly lit by the waning daylight. Fields stretched miles in each direction, rolling without end. Then, the Goliath spotted a familiar hut atop a hill. It was his house.
Grass brushed his shoulder as they swayed in the light breeze as he waded through the fields. As the skies dimmed, and the light vanished from the sky, and stars replaced its place.
When the Goliath finally reached his house, night had fallen on the lands, yet the skies were not dark. Aureolin rays danced through the cloudless darkness, and the stars began to stretch towards the ground, leaving streaks of light behind.
Soon, the shining beacons of light were plummeting towards the Earth. The first fragment hit the ground, sparking slightly, then fizzling out.
The Goliath caught one. His hands wrapped around the rock, its smooth surface slid around in his palms. He opened his hands, but the star had become dust. The golden dust began swirling around the Goliath. Then, the brilliant gold particles imploded, enshrouding the Goliath in a golden light.

***

The Goliath slowly opened his eyes. The area around him looked familiar. Crimson leaves danced in front of his eyes. He sat up, confused. He was once again under the safe haven of the treacherous mountains.
Light flowed through the apertures of the leaves, flickering the sunlight in the Goliath’s face. The Goliath covered his eyes. What just happened? He inched his fingers closer to the wound on his head, but it wasn’t there. He felt his entire body rid of pain. The Goliath crawled back up. He felt something weighing him down in his belt pocket. Upon opening it, He realized that it was replenished with Stardust. He was given another chance, and He shalt use it well, no matter the reason.
He felt the lightness on his back and realized his leather sack was gone. The Goliath scowled. It was probably left up there. He began his trek up the mountain once again.

	The winds grew as the Goliath approached the vortex of the storm. His pacing slowed once more as He got to the ruins in which He had perished before. The skeleton with the flail stood there, yet the Goliath bore no weapon.
	Upon seeing the Goliath, the skeleton warrior lunged at the Goliath, attempting to bring the same fate upon the Goliath. The Goliath dodged the first strike, creating a distance between him and his adversary. Out of instinct, the Goliath took off his shoe. What am I doing? Corporal punishment isn’t going to hinder a mythical demonspawn! The Goliath thought, but there was no time to think. The skeleton swung its flail once more, staggering and missing. The metal ball hit a rock nearby, fracturing it into a million pieces.
	Before He knew it, his shoe flew at the skeleton’s head. The skeleton’s glowing pupils widened, then extinguished entirely. The slipper was now wedged deep into the head of the skeleton— its skull now looking like the rock.
	The Goliath anxiously scanned for any more undead skeletons. None so far. He found his shepherd’s blade shattered, fragments of it wedged into the ribcage of the first skeleton warrior. He left the blade where it was. It was damaged beyond repair.
	He then retrieved his shoe from the second skeleton, putting it back on his foot. Then, he picked up the flail, hanging it on his belt. New weapon. After recovering from the shock and collecting the stuff that He left, He continued on his journey once more.
	There still lay a ruin in front of him, an abandoned town— once ravaged by disaster.
Goliath IX

Aspirations of power— yet thine trepidation foils thine mind to immolation; thou’rt consumed by the merits of vengeance, but thou no longer seest the lustre of yore.
	The Goliath sauntered by the bygone bulwark of the ruined city, beset by the mounting debris frontwards. His threadbare clothes fluttered in the wind. He passed by the houses, most collapsed and dilapidated. However, one house caught his eye. An extravagant brick manor appeared from over the mountain's devious ridges.
	With the dark grey backdrop, the sight was eerie and cold. The Goliath approached the estate. Poor man, such a costly death pledge, and the house is not even used. The Goliath shivered at the prospect. The Goliath continued to the door. Such a manor… the bourgeoisie are so privileged. Alas, I may find treasure in these parts. Perchance I shall find gold in this empire of ash.
	The door creaked open as the Goliath stepped into the property. A cold gust of wind battered the Goliath’s face, and a potent odor of metallic rust and iron flakes escaped from the house. The Goliath frowned at the smell. This was no refinery, and the estate was clearly for residence. That was when the Goliath realized: the smell wasn’t rust. It was from the floorboards— painted red by rivers of dried blood. The Goliath was instantly alarmed. Leaning against a wall in front of him was the culprit: a skeleton with hollowed out eyes, still suited with gilded black steel armor.
	A gaping hole was punctured through the chestplate, and the weapon that caused it was still embedded in the ribcage. the Goliath pulled on the hilt of the weapon, and it easily loosened from the body of the skeleton. A Morning Star, with spikes of gold and sapphire engravings, came out of the corpse. The Goliath examined it. It was too heavy to wield effectively. He set the weapon back down. That’s when He noticed a small leather book— tainted with blood— resting beside the skeleton. He carefully flipped it open.
The words were chipped away, and the paper was worn. It could not make out the whole story.
The grasp of the cold void, it felt so good, so carefree… the feeling of feeling no longer. Then it consumed me… and I—     I buried my son in the flower bed, beside his mother. The blossoms have wilted now; I shall join them in paradise.
	The Goliath grimace, looking at the skeleton beside the journal. The skeleton, kneeling on its knees, was clutching onto the hilt of a mace, whilst the weapon jutted out from deep within its rib cage. The Goliath looked at the former warrior pitifully. Could have been a great guy. He pulled the weapon free from its bones, and the skeleton collapsed. The Goliath threw the weapon to the side and began making his way to the door. Then, He heard something shift behind him. He looked back.
	The skeleton was no longer beside the journal— except that there was no journal. The Goliath looked towards the weapon He just discarded, but it was also gone. He’d just dropped it. Then, He sensed a blade flying through the air. He dived towards the ground as the rotting bookshelf behind him exploded into splinters.
	Before he could react, the room was engulfed a black aura. Then, The Goliath finally saw it— a skeleton, ten feet tall, encased in glossy black steel armor, wielding a damascus steel morning star— approaching him slowly with the spikes of his weapon dragging along the ground. The stone masonry buckled under the weight of the spiked mace cracked the smooth, cold stone.
	The skeleton staggered forward, then stopped. The Goliath paused in confusion. Then suddenly, a shockwave ruptured from the skeleton’s ribcage, crashing into the beaten down walls of the house. The whole building shook. Then, the house exploded, flinging shrapnel in all directions. The Goliath ducked as a splinter flew past his head.
	The skeleton leaped in the air— the dark aura condensing around it. Then, a glint in the skeleton’s eye hole flashed at the Goliath. Then, the skeleton lunged towards The Goliath. The Goliath had almost no time to react. The impact of the morning star struck the Goliath head on, sending him flying across the room, crashing into a broken-down wall. The Goliath slowly recovered from the shock. Moonlight seeped through the cracks of the broken roof; that was when The Goliath got a proper look at the skeleton warrior.
	So it was the guy sitting beside the journal. The Goliath thought. The Goliath propped himself up, ready to take two. The skeleton’s eyes manifested a fiery gleam once more. This time, the Goliath quickly hit the deck as the skeleton’s morning star reduced the wall behind him to rubble.
The Goliath rolled towards the skeleton and drew his flail. He swung it around the skeleton’s neck and got behind it, putting the skeleton into a garrote position. The skeleton’s head easily popped off, surprising The Goliath. Then, a spiked metal ball jabbed into his ribcage as he was once again sent flying across the room. He suddenly realized that the skeleton was not dead.
The body of the skeleton flailed around blindly. Then, it paused. Soon after, the head simply flew back onto the torso, securing itself atop the neck once more. As long as even one part of the skeleton is alive, then the entire skeleton is alive.
Searing pain shot up The Goliath’s body, but He stayed resolute. Suddenly, He had an idea. The skeleton swung its weapon once more, shattering the ground and sending masonry flying in all directions. He rolled out of the way, dodging towards the skeleton. Taken by surprise, the skeleton swung another time, this time targeted the Goliath who stood just feet away from the skeleton. The skeleton brought the weapon down on the Goliath. Lifting the weapon up again, he realized that the weapon had hit nothing but the bricks beneath his feet. Confused, the skeleton turned around to look for the Goliath.
The Goliath, who flanked the skeleton just in time, swung his flail, twirling it before the spike head slammed into the skeleton’s torso.
The skeleton staggered backwards, and his chestplate bore a visible dent on its collar. Shattered ribs from the skeleton clattered on the ground.
	Then, the Goliath aimed for the head. With one blow, the skull was yet again tumbling on the floor. The Goliath quickly began attacking the skull, bashing it with his flail. the skeleton’s aura wavered, but it was not yet dead. It soon stopped, and the shattered ribs from before began mending back onto its body. However, The Goliath was not about to let the same thing happen again. He dropped the flail and leapt into the air. Then, He clenched his fist, and it began to glow. Mustering up all the energy that was left in his body, He brought his fist down on the now headless skeleton. He struck the armor of the skeleton; the metal melted under his fist. The skeleton’s armor imploded, and the entire body of the foe instantly fragmented into hundreds of pieces. As if losing its undead lifeforce, the skeleton’s bones turned into brittle fossils, disintegrating into mere particles of dust.
	The Goliath collapsed on the ground, exhausted from the duel. His ribcage still throbbed from the skeleton’s strike. Peering down the collar of his shirt, He examined the wound, but He couldn’t see the condition due to the blood that was pouring out from the exposed flesh.
	With haste, He scooped a fistful of Stardust from his pouch and shoved it on the wound. With a faint glow, the wound closed itself, mending the puncture wound completely.

	Lighting himself a fire, He dozed off in the now broken house, dreaming about his lost village.
Daniel VI

Daniel stumbled through the bustling city of Liatheyll as he looked for Ricardo. Occasionally, he would grab someone out of the crowd and interrogate them, trying to understand what was happening in the city. Then, he saw Ricardo, talking with the militia officers.
“Ricardo, thou’rt an imbecile!” Daniel shouted while striding towards Ricardo. Ricardo looked puzzled for a second, confused about what he had done wrong.
“Art thou dull? Havest thee no regard for diplomacy? Thou warmongerer!” Daniel was infuriated, relentlessly berating Ricardo.
“Nay, thou dost not understand,” Ricardo told him, “We had not the time!”
Daniel remarked, “Well let us see if thou hast time for this slipper then.” Daniel summoned a slipper from his pocket. Ricardo’s eyes widened in primal fear. Even Daniel was surprised. How did I even fit this slipper in my pocket? Shaking off his confusion, he refocused his attention back onto Ricardo, who was now quaking in his shoes.
“I quite agree, Daniel, so should we not resolve this with diplomacy as well?” Ricardo questioned, hoping to convince Daniel to drop the slipper.
“T’is too late now, my friend.”
Upon hearing this, Ricardo bolted down the street as as fast as he could, knowing that his life was probably on the line. Daniel, seething with anger, took pursuit. His vision blurred as he ran— as if the world was warping around him. Speeding through the dense markets of Liatheyll, he barrelled through the sea of people.
“Curses to thee, Ricardo, curses,” he uttered as he crashed into an unassuming merchant, sending barrels of the merchant’s goods flying onto the streets. Without time to look back, Daniel continued his pursuit of Ricardo, slowly closing the distance.
Suddenly, Ricardo darted around the corner of a wooden building, disappearing from Daniel’s sight. Daniel followed suit, stumbling into another busy street, now where is this kid? Daniel thought. Ricardo was nowhere in sight.
Curses! Curses to thee! Daniel screamed in his mind. Frantically, he searched for Ricardo once again. That carnage-fanatic, I bestowed the city a living chance, and he wrenched it away! The fool hath made a fool of himself!

***

Daniel sat atop the roof of a bar. He didn’t know when he got up there, but it didn’t really matter. That explosion… it may have just costed the city its chance to survive.  cursing Ricardo’s incompetence.

“Onwards!”, thou sayest, but never “hind”, yet our roots aren’t the mountains yonder; they were the pebbles we found from whence we came. As we bear the brunts of growth from the lowest troughs to the highest peaks, alas, we find our roots decaying and bleak.
What does one seest in vengeance? Why would one sell their own soul, only to take one another? Yet He did. He bathes in the blood of enemies— endowed with holy strength. Ah, Paddle ‘o Arthur, lend me thy strength, for I have forsworn mine own— to do what is righteous…

	It was snowing again. Storms laid waste upon the lands, pulling the high winds down to the Earth. Jagged peaks whistled in the air as the sharp rock cleaved through the thin air.

When one is devoid of life,
they are not yet at their lowest,
as they are most pitiable—
behind a masquerade of might.
They shall tower above thee—
Ever boastful— but in agony.


